What is a trait?

A lion's leg height.
A lion's 401K.

Aren't these all traits?

"organic matter content in vegetated sediments"
Is that a trait?

Sometimes the article will mention "trait"
Will all articles and/or sentences on a more finer level do that? 

what is a trait if not a characteristic? what is a characteristic if not something owned?

There's also like tangible changes, like increase, decrease, no change

OOOOOOOOOO MAYBE THAT'S THE KEY
? not necessarily
the verb may be the increase, the subject/object may be the inc and so on

KIND OF GOT SOMETHING GOIN ON THE DEVILS IN THE DETAILS?

ok test: load the full text into strings n check the accuracy...

and then fine tune the filter to check whether it's improving or not... tea!

so looking for words...............................................................
result & discussion

there was also like find the noun chunks of the clusters n stuff but

what's more is the possession
what is a trait if not a characteristic that is owned by something? i mean ofc we're talking biological traits
so i dont think ud hear that an octopus' 401k has decreased since trump was in office.

if you can find the species you could reasonably/arguably assume that the owned is the trait...so yes
and then you can look for an increase/decrease type of thing going on? need to do more reading

also adjectives? "clipped" trees, would the "clipped" be a trait? well... kind of


the words when and by WHAT ARE THOSE AND WHY could they be like because? i think so well not necessarily but it's indicating
a (possible) relationship

how to find a trait that uses multiple words?

what are we looking for species affecting another species

or how traits are being changed? well both but moreso the latter

svo triple not picking up on svo triple :-(

need to be able to handle that? possibly

okkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk what happens then.......... maybyeeeeeeeeeeee argh its a lot
maybe we don't handle these? and hope that there's another sentence that's worded more nicely?

also potential issue ur finding instances, assuming everything goes right, that ur just finding examples of trait being modified how do u make sure tht it
's interaction


maybe chunking the parts of a sentence and like finding whether there's an increase and a reason?
.... was .... when
OOOH maybe, but like how many ways can someone structure a sentence like this... like could
you create a automatic way hm idk

let's see
pause...

tea...



there's levels to this you and i know
u dont have to do everythingat once
u could have like levels or filters or something like so

there's certain sentences that dont have an SVO triple and i think relying that there's maybe a sentence that folllows the typical
SVO structure is a bit risky.

well there's like simple structures

idk

if it's not the clear svo trip, probs due to just structure
there's still a kind of pattern
it's kind of like trait, how trait changed, why trait changed
why trait trait changed, how trait changed, trait
but how can u reasonably extract that without svo

u can assume that bc they're in the same sentence they follow one afte rthe other so maybe it's a matter of chunking?

maybe chop up sentences by conjunction