(1/38)
TITLE: Herbivory of a biocontrol agent on a native plant causes an indirect trait‐mediated non‐target effect on a native insect
ABSTRACT: Abstract Identifying food web linkages between biocontrol agents of invasive plants and native species is crucial for predicting indirect non‐target effects. Biocontrol insects can integrate into food webs within recipient habitats and influence native insects through apparent competition (altering shared natural enemies) or density‐mediated exploitation competition (changing density of native plants). However, whether and how trait‐mediated exploitation competition (modifying native plant chemicals and volatiles profiles) can produce indirect non‐target effects remains largely overlooked, despite plant phenotypic responses to insect herbivory being common and widely documented. The flea beetle Agasicles hygrophila was introduced into China for management of alligator weed Alternanthera philoxeroides, but it also attacks the native congener sessile joyweed Alternanthera sessilis, which may cause indirect non‐target effects on the native tortoise beetle Cassida piperata that also feeds on sessile joyweed. Here, we examined the relationships among abundances of the flea beetle and tortoise beetle, and coverage of sessile joyweed in the field. Then, we investigated the impact of flea beetle herbivory on tortoise beetle development and oviposition, as well as on sessile joyweed primary metabolites and leaf volatiles. Tortoise beetle abundance was not related to sessile joyweed coverage, but they were less abundant on plants with more flea beetles in the field survey, and produced fewer offspring on plants with more prior flea beetle damage in the field cage experiment. Tortoise beetle development was inhibited by prior flea beetle herbivory in bioassays in enemy‐free conditions and they preferred to oviposit on sessile joyweed that had experienced little or no flea beetle damage. Flea beetle herbivory decreased sessile joyweed foliar glucose and protein, and substantially changed its leaf volatile blend. Synthesis. Our results show that the flea beetle has major indirect non‐target effects on the tortoise beetle through trait‐mediated exploitation competition, rather than apparent competition or density‐mediated exploitation competition. Our results demonstrate a new example for indirect non‐target effects of biocontrol agents. Furthermore, our results indicate that minor brief negative impacts of biocontrol agents on non‐target plants might propagate to higher trophic levels and such negative impacts can strengthen with increasing intensity of the direct non‐target effect.

On Topic (Y/N):  Y

(2/38)
TITLE: Dynamic resource allocation between pre- and postcopulatory episodes of sexual selection determines competitive fertilization success
ABSTRACT: In polyandrous mating systems, male reproductive success depends on both mate-acquisition traits (precopulatory) and sperm competitive abilities (postcopulatory). Empirical data on the interaction between these traits are inconsistent; revealing positive, negative or no relationships. It is generally expected that the investment in pre- and postcopulatory traits is mediated by environmental conditions. To test how dietary resource availability affects sexual ornamentation, sperm quality and their interrelationship in three-spined sticklebacks ( Gasterosteus aculeatus ), full-sibling groups were raised under three conditions differing in food quantity and/or quality (i.e. carotenoid content): (i) high-quantity/high-quality, (ii) high-quantity/low-quality or (iii) low-quantity/low-quality. After 1 year of feeding, food-restricted males developed a more intense breeding coloration and faster sperm compared with their well-fed brothers, indicating that they allocated relatively more in pre- and postcopulatory traits. Moreover, they outcompeted their well-fed, carotenoid-supplemented brothers in sperm competition trials with equal numbers of competing sperm, suggesting that food-restricted males maximize their present reproductive success. This may result in reduced future reproductive opportunities as food-restricted males suffered from a higher mortality, had an overall reduced body size, and sperm number available for fertilization. In accordance with theory, a trade-off between the investment in pre- and postcopulatory traits was observed in food-restricted males, whereas well-fed males were able to allocate to both traits resulting in a significantly positive relationship.

On Topic (Y/N):  Y

(3/38)
TITLE: Functional basis of primary succession: Traits of the pioneer microbes
ABSTRACT: Primary succession describes the establishment of new ecosystems through the colonization of barren substrates (Odum, 1969). Bacteria are typically the first colonizers, which initiate key processes that enable ecosystem establishment and provide resources for fungi, plants, and animals to colonize later. The functional roles of these pioneer microbes are varied; for example, they can weather and detoxify environments to increase habitability, provide organic carbon and bioavailable nitrogen through carbon and nitrogen fixation, and form mutualistic relationships with plant species (Abdulla, 2009; Richardson & Simpson, 2011). As taxonomic and functional diversity increases over annual to decadal scales, communities in successional ecosystems transition from a collection of pioneer microbial species towards a robust and complex ecosystem (Álvarez-Molina et al., 2012; Brown & Jumpponen, 2015; Frouz et al., 2016). Much literature has explored plant community succession, resulting in a strong understanding of the nature, traits, and interactions of early and late colonizers and the development of strong ecological theory to explain these processes. However, understanding of pioneer microbial communities remains rudimentary, with most literature focusing on taxonomic composition rather than functional traits of colonizing bacteria. Numerous key questions remain, for example: How do the first microbes survive and grow in a barren and often hostile environment with minimal nutrients? How do microbes modify their environment for succeeding generations and species? How do these microbes interact with each other, plants, and animals as the new ecosystem develops? We propose here a series of study systems, methodological approaches, and ecological frameworks to address these questions. In turn, a better understanding of primary succession has broad implications for understanding ecological theory, biogeochemical processes, and responses to climate change. Moreover, by understanding how life colonizes barren and hostile locations, we can better predict how life evolved on Earth and might exist on other planets. Microbial primary succession occurs in a range of natural, host-associated, and engineered environments, which yield unique temporal and spatial contexts for the study of pioneer species (Fernández-Martínez et al., 2017). Glacier forelands, the area of newly exposed land from the leading edge of a retreating glacier, provide a temporal transect (a chronosequence) where the distance from the glacier edge can be used as a proxy for time. Sampling at the glacier edge can provide insight into microbial colonizers of newly exposed terrain, with the progressively older terrain once covered by the glacier harbouring more developed microbial communities and vegetation (Brown & Jumpponen, 2014; Fernández-Martínez et al., 2017; Strauss et al., 2012; Zumsteg et al., 2012). Volcanic lava flows provide opportunities to study microbial primary succession on truly sterile, naturally occurring substrates. Newly erupted lava crystallizes sterile basalt rock at temperatures of around 1150°C, with little or no organic matter, yet contains metals within minerals that may support initial ecosystem establishment, as well as spatial niches within the physical structure of the rock where endolithic communities may assemble. Human-engineered sterile environments, such acid mine drainage formed from newly extracted mining waste impose multiple physicochemical pressures that restrict first colonizers to polyextremophiles (Kupka et al., 2007; Liljeqvist et al., 2015; Wierzchos et al., 2018). Host-associated sterile environments can also provide novel and sometimes medically relevant insights into microbial community development; for example, primary bacterial colonization of the infant human gut results in an oxic environment rapidly becoming anoxic (Palmer et al., 2007), in a manner that varies with mode of delivery and the maternal microbiome (Dominguez-Bello et al., 2010). Microorganisms can even colonize extraterrestrial environments. Meteorites, which are also sterile upon entering the Earth's atmosphere, provide extraterrestrial input of minerals that are far from geochemical equilibrium with the geosphere, atmosphere, and hydrosphere (Tait et al., 2017). Some meteorites contain an enormous variety of organic molecules (including amino acids in some cases) that formed over 4.6 billion years ago and have never been exposed to terrestrial life (Schmitt-Kopplin et al., 2010). Fractures and porosity in the meteorites, and weathering of the external fusion crust over time, again provide ideal niches for microbial colonization and additionally make meteorites ideal microcosms for simulated studies of primary succession. Micrometeorites are far more abundant than meteorites, but geochemically equivalent, and preferentially accumulate in heavy mineral niches in wind-modified sediments (Tomkins et al., 2016, 2019). Tektites, which are terrestrial ejections of non-porous natural glass following a meteorite impact, provide a different sterile substrate in which biofilm may be the predominant colonization mechanism. Collectively, these environments provide unique opportunities to study first colonizers and their traits in a range of contexts, including comparisons of the various input sources of microbes and nutrients, and the unique physical and chemical characteristics that shape the developing community. Integrated methodological approaches are required to gain a mechanistic understanding of primary succession across these diverse ecosystems. Researchers have obtained some understanding of the identity of the first microbial colonizers, for example through marker gene-based surveys of bacterial, archaeal, and fungal community composition (Zumsteg et al., 2012). However, advances in genome-resolved metagenomics, multi-omics, and high-throughput cultivation mean it is now possible to develop a broader and deeper understanding of the nature, traits, or activities of microorganisms across successional gradients. In turn, these hypothesis-generating tools can be used to inform ecosystem-scale biogeochemical, imaging, and tracing experiments, as well as culture-based physiological and biochemical studies, that will provide a deeper mechanistic understanding of how microorganisms shape their environments and vice versa (Lewis et al., 2021). Landmark examples of integrated methodological approaches include King's studies in the 2000s on succession in volcanic deposits; he combined culture-dependent microbial genomics, culture-independent community and enzyme profiling, bulk geochemical analyses, and botanical surveys to demonstrate that trace gas oxidisers are the early colonizers in volcanic deposits and potentially promote plant development (Gomez-Alvarez et al., 2007; King, 2003; King et al., 2008; King & Weber, 2008). Through integration of cutting-edge culture-dependent and culture-independent approaches, there is now much potential to holistically understand the dynamics of succession and especially how functional traits impact successional trajectories. Each technique is limited in its own capacity, and synergising approaches across different scales facilitates more advanced and comprehensive discoveries (Greening et al., 2019). Mechanistic understanding of the ecological processes shaping microbial colonization in successional ecosystems is minimal. Four processes ultimately determine the composition and function of communities: dispersal, selection, drift, and diversification (Vellend, 2010). Previous work has suggested that the importance of these ecological drivers shifts during successional stages: dispersal dominates during initial stages and selection progressively increases thereafter (Dini-Andreote et al., 2015). Yet with respect to dispersal, the source of dispersing microorganisms remains undetermined. It is assumed that most microbes that colonize terrestrial substrates, for example volcanic lava flows, mine tailings, and glacier forelands, are dispersed from the atmosphere and sometimes via rainwater. However, this remains to be proven in part due to our limited knowledge of the microbial ecology of the atmosphere (Šantl-Temkiv et al., 2022). Likewise, although atmospheric dispersal is often thought to be a strictly neutral (stochastic) process, certain microorganisms are likely better adapted to be transported into and survive within the atmosphere (Šantl-Temkiv et al., 2018). Ultimately, side-by-side profiling of the nature, traits, and activities of microorganisms is required in successional ecosystems compared to the surrounding atmosphere and other potential sources (e.g., glacial ice and sub-glacial soils in glacier forelands). In addition, little is understood about functional traits that dictate whether microorganisms live or die during different successional stages. Strong environmental selection will control initial succession, though this selection can either weaken or strengthen over time depending on whether activities of pioneer microbes generate favourable conditions (e.g., through nitrogen fixation in glacier foreland soils [Strauss et al., 2012]) or unfavourable conditions (e.g., through acidification of mine tailings [Mielke et al., 2003]). Generally, it can be expected that resource competition and other antagonistic interactions will intensify during later successional stages as both microbial community diversity and environmental niche heterogeneity increase, which in turn increasingly favours habitat specialists over generalists. We predict that the first colonizers in terrestrial environments are self-sufficient habitat generalists. These microbes will have a range of adaptation strategies that allow them to colonize barren environments: metabolic strategies to acquire nutrients from atmospheric and mineral sources, dormant forms to withstand resource limitation, homeostatic mechanisms to survive physicochemical stresses, and potentially the capacity to mediate adhesion, weathering, and biofilm formation. Recent findings suggest that in oligotrophic ecosystems, trace gas oxidisers are the strongest candidates for the first colonizers (Mielke et al., 2003; Ortiz et al., 2021). As recently reviewed, these bacteria use trace (including sub-atmospheric) concentrations of hydrogen and carbon monoxide to conserve energy through aerobic respiration and, in some cases, generate biomass through chemosynthetic carbon dioxide fixation (Greening & Grinter, 2022). It is also proposed that metabolic water production by hydrogen oxidisers enhances water availability in desiccated environments (Ortiz et al., 2021). Many of these microbes are also predicted to use the energy derived from trace gas oxidation to acquire other nutrients, including bioavailable nitrogen through nitrogen fixation. Trace gas oxidisers span at least eight different bacterial phyla and are dominant in many extreme environments, including Antarctic desert soils, the aphotic ocean, and acidic mine drainage (Islam et al., 2020; Ji et al., 2017; Martínez-Pérez et al., 2022). Trace gas oxidisers are also reported to occur in successional volcanic soil ecosystems (Gomez-Alvarez et al., 2007; Hernández et al., 2020; King, 2003; King & Weber, 2008). Ultimately, by initially relying on energy sources from the ubiquitous atmosphere rather than less accessible minerals embedded in the colonized substrate, pioneer microbes can maintain viability and generate nutrients relatively independently of the physicochemical restraints of the environments they colonize. Nevertheless, the exact composition and traits of the first colonizers is likely to be modulated by the physical properties, chemical composition, and climatic conditions of the environments colonized. For example, meteorites vary greatly in physicochemical properties, with some being far more reduced than any surface environment on Earth and others being comparatively oxidized and rich in organic compounds. We predict that, whereas meteorites containing only inorganic material will be colonized primarily by gas-scavenging lithoautotrophs that gradually produce organic carbon, carbonaceous chondrites may also initially sustain lithoheterotrophs and organoheterotrophs that rely on extraterrestrial organic compounds (Abdulla, 2009; Tait et al., 2017). It can be expected that, over time, microbial communities will increase in biomass and diversity, and become more abundant, diverse, and specialized as other species are recruited. For example, the synthesis of organic carbon by lithoautotrophic trace gas oxidisers on meteorites may stimulate further microbial growth and biofilm formation. Organic carbon in the form of exudates and necromass are favourable carbon and energy sources for succeeding heterotrophic community members. In addition, biofilm-mediated changes in the surface chemistry or electrochemistry (bioweathering) accelerates the weathering of minerals (Abdulla, 2009; Angell, 1999; Palacios et al., 2019). Such changes may facilitate the succession of more specialist microbes that grow through iron- and sulfide-dependent chemolithoautotrophy. Some metabolically flexible microorganisms may even modulate their energetic strategies during different successional stages; for example, in acid mine drainage, pioneering microorganisms such as Acidithiobacillus may shift from an initial hydrogen-fuelled colonization and acid production towards more specialized iron- and sulfide-based metabolism (Islam et al., 2020; Mielke et al., 2003). In contrast, keystone microbial colonizers in alpine regions or glacier forelands create a more hospitable soil environment, achieved by physically altering the soil texture while chemically transforming major elements into more bioavailable forms (e.g., nitrogen fixation, carbon fixation or the solubilization and mineralization of the soil phosphorus pool) (Richardson & Simpson, 2011). This in turn, can make conditions favourable for the eventual colonization of plant populations, as well as their bacterial and fungal symbionts (Franzetti et al., 2020). A more comprehensive understanding of microbial primary succession has significant implications for our insights into and predictions of how ecosystems initially establish, develop, and are altered by climate change. One important implication for the near future is that rapidly expanding glacier forelands, brought about by widespread glacial retreat, create substantial deglaciated areas in which early ecosystems may carry out different biogeochemical functions than older, established soil ecosystems. In the future, this may impact biogeochemical cycling and global biodiversity on an increasingly broad scale (Stibal et al., 2020). Furthermore, climate and microclimate variation, in addition to topographic, fluvial, or aeolian disturbances, may alter the ability of first colonizer species to inhabit new foreland terrains and may drive a shift in the composition of the early ecosystems (Wojcik et al., 2021). Using knowledge of microbial primary succession, we may better predict patterns of new ecosystem establishment and how this might impact global processes. As primary succession requires microbes to establish a new community under 'bare minimum' conditions, their metabolic processes and survival strategies may give some insights into how life evolved on Earth (abiogenesis) and potentially other planets (exobiology). Indeed, the genesis of life on, or transport to, another planet represents primary succession in an extreme context (Michalski et al., 2018; Tomkins et al., 2020). Our understanding of this process on Earth is likely to inform our conceptualisation of the origin of life elsewhere. For example, it has been suggested that abiotic interactions between iron-containing minerals catalysed the synthesis of organic molecules on the early Earth (White et al., 2015). Furthermore, this research can yield valuable lessons for the biological protection of other planets. Microbial primary colonizers are likely to be highly resilient and adaptable, as they may need to survive atmospheric transport and must establish communities in environments with minimal nutrients: such organisms may be capable of colonizing terrains visited by spacecraft or rovers. For example, halophilic bacteria and archaea may be capable of surviving on Mars by coupling the oxidation of the high concentrations of atmospheric carbon monoxide with the reduction of terrestrial perchlorate (King, 2015). Sterilization procedures may even select for extremophiles that are well suited as primary colonizers (Ghosh et al., 2010). Even terraforming strategies, the practicality and ethics of which have been long debated (McKay et al., 1991), may therefore be informed and potentially mediated by the activities of microbial first colonizers. Much remains uncertain surrounding the functions, metabolic strategies, and impacts of microbial first colonizers in the process of primary succession. Rapid and continuing technological advances in culture-dependent and culture-independent methods provide opportunities to integrate techniques and make significant breakthroughs. This will allow scientists to address long-standing questions surrounding how these organisms survive, how their activities shape their environment to enable colonization by successive organisms, how this varies across different environments, and the original sources of these pioneers. Given most ecological theory of succession developed through studies of plant communities, rather than the earlier microbial pioneers with much broader niche range, there is much potential to test and refine theory. In turn, this may provide clues for how life evolved on Earth and can better inform the search for extraterrestrial life. Gaofeng Ni: Writing – original draft (equal); writing – review and editing (lead). Rachael Lappan: Writing – original draft (equal); writing – review and editing (supporting). Marcela Hernandez: Writing – review and editing (supporting). Talitha Santini: Writing – review and editing (supporting). Andrew Tomkins: Writing – review and editing (supporting). Chris Greening: Conceptualization (lead); writing – original draft (equal); writing – review and editing (equal). The work was supported by National Health & Medical Research Council grant: APP1178715. Open access publishing facilitated by Monash University, as part of the Wiley - Monash University agreement via the Council of Australian University Librarians. The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest. Invited article for Environmental Microbiology (Crystal Ball Special Issue). Due to the nature of this research, data sharing is not applicable.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(4/38)
TITLE: Proceedings of AllerGen 2019 Research Conference
ABSTRACT: Poster Competition AbstractsA1 Cord blood hemopoietic progenitor cell surface receptor expression in atopic sensitization and lung functionLoubna Akhabir1,7,#, Elli Rosenberg1,#, Delia Heroux1, Jyoti Balhara1, Kelly M. McNagny2, Malcolm R. Sears1, Diana L. Lefebvre1, Allan B. Becker3, Stuart E. Turvey4, Piush J. Mandhane5, Theo J. Moraes6, Padmaja Subbarao6, Guillaume Paré7,8,9, Judah A Denburg1 1Department of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, Canada; 2Biomedical Research Centre, The University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada; 3Department of Pediatrics and Child Health, University of Manitoba, Children’s Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba, Winnipeg, MB, Canada; 4Department of Pediatrics, BC Children’s Hospital, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada; 5Department of Pediatrics, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB, Canada; 6Department of Pediatrics, Hospital for Sick Children, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada; 7Population Health Research Institute, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, Canada; 8Thrombosis and Atherosclerosis Research Institute, McMaster University, Hamilton Health Sciences, Hamilton, ON, Canada; 9Department of Health Research Methods, Evidence, and Impact, McMaster University, Hamilton, ON, Canada Correspondence: Judah A. Denburg (denburg@mcmaster.ca)#These authors contributed equally to the work.Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A1Background: Hemopoietic progenitor cells (HPC), both in the bone marrow and in peripheral tissues, differentiate into inflammatory effector cells and, thus, can modulate central and peripheral inflammation. There is growing evidence for the involvement of hemopoietic processes in the pathogenesis of atopy and asthma from pre-conception and birth. This is the basis for the “bone marrow” hypothesis of allergic disease, arguing that a perinatal environmental challenge leads to the skewed production and mobilization of HPC, regulating central and peripheral production of cell types that perpetuate allergic responses.The objective of this study was to assess the association of cell surface receptor profiles of cord blood (CB) HPC with atopy and allergic disease development and lung function at 1- and 3-years in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) Study.Methods: We used flow cytometry to compare cytokine and toll-like receptor expression levels in CB HPC from infants who developed atopic sensitization (as assessed by positive skin prick test) at 1 and 3 years of age with healthy controls. We also compared the CB HPC receptor expression in relation to lung function as measured by lung clearance index (LCI) in the CHILD Study infants.Results: We found a significant increase in IL5RA-expressing HPC populations in the CB of cases at 1 and a trend towards increased IL17RB-expressing HPC in the CB of atopics at 1-year of age. Conversely, GM-CSFR- and ST2-expressing CB HPC were decreased in atopics both at 1- and 3-years. Additionally, there was evidence of infants with poor lung function at 3-years exhibiting higher IL5RA and IL17RB expression on the surface of CB HPC.Conclusions: This study provides evidence of pre-existing cellular alterations in infants’ CB progenitors at birth, which herald the development of atopy/allergic disease and, potentially, future asthma. The observed pattern of receptor expression suggests Th2 skewing of CB HPC before the onset of allergic disease or measurable lung function deficits. Our results suggest that measurable immune cellular patterns at birth could be utilised to develop novel strategies for atopic/allergic disease interception in infants before disease onset.Acknowledgements: This study was supported by grants from The Allergy, Genes & Environment (AllerGen) Network of Centres of Excellence, and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research.A2 Metabolomic profiling of asthmatic children: a promising approach for improving asthma controlMays Al-Dulaymi1, Chun Che1, Joan Dietz1, Anas El-Aneed2, Darryl Adamko1 1Department of Pediatrics, College of Medicine, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada; 2College of Pharmacy and Nutrition, University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon, SK, Canada Correspondence: Darryl Adamko (darryl.adamko@usask.ca)Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A2Background: Pediatric asthma management can be a challenge in a typical primary care setting where we often lack objective tests for asthma diagnosis and severity. Metabolomics is the study of small molecules created by cellular metabolic activity [1, 2]. We have demonstrated that asthma has a different metabolomic profile compared to healthy children [3]. We have identified 50 urinary metabolites as potential diagnostic biomarkers for asthma [4]. Recently, we developed targeted mass spectrometry (MS)-based methods to accurately quantify these biomarkers in urine [5]. For this project, we hypothesize that our novel MS-based method will differentiate healthy children from those with asthma. We also expect that we will see changes in the urine of children with asthma depending on whether they have well controlled asthma versus uncontrolled asthma.Methods: To determine asthma severity, we recruited children with atopic asthma (n = 18) and followed them monthly (July–November). An Asthma Control Questionnaire, Mini Pediatric Asthma Quality of Life Questionnaire and Asthma Control Test were filled at each visit. Pulmonary function tests were performed on all children 6 years of age or older. Urine samples were collected from all children during their appointments. The urine samples were analyzed using our targeted liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometric platform and value were normalized to creatinine. Partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA, SIMCA) was used on these data to create models of separation. To diagnose asthma in young children, we also have obtained urine samples from healthy children or those with asthma (n = 100 each) diagnosed at 5 years of age from the CHILD birth cohort. Similar methods are being applied and the data is expected for the January meeting.Results: There were 21 instances where patients’ asthma control worsened and 30 instances where their asthma control improved. Preliminary PLS-DA modelling generated a separation model of controlled and uncontrolled asthma with an R2 value of 0.72 and a Q2 value of 0.631.Conclusion: Positive results were attained in the differentiation of asthma severity. Blinded analysis will be done using a separate cohort of children. Urine samples from the CHILD study are being analyzed and will ready for presentation at the January AllerGen meeting. We expect that further assessment of the urinary biomarkers will create a metabolomic signature that could diagnose asthma in pre-school children and predict the development of uncontrolled asthma. References 1. Nobakht M. Gh BF, Aliannejad R, Rezaei-Tavirani M, Taheri S, Oskouie AA. The metabolomics of airway diseases, including COPD, asthma and cystic fibrosis. Biomarkers. 2015;20:5–16. 2. Zhang A, Sun H, Wu X, Wang X. Urine metabolomics. Clin Chim Acta. 2012;414:65–9. 3. Skappak CD, Regush S, Cook K, Ben-Zvi A, Becker A, Moqbel R, et al. Metabolomic profiling of asthma: diagnostic utility of urine nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2011;127:757–64.e6. 4. Adamko DJ, Nair P, Mayers I, Tsuyuki RT, Regush S, Rowe BH. Metabolomic profiling of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a pilot study differentiating diseases. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2015;136:571–80.e3. 5. Khamis MM, Adamko DJ, El-Aneed A. Development of a validated LC–MS/MS method for the quantification of 19 endogenous asthma/COPD potential urinary biomarkers. Anal Chim Acta. 2017;989:45–58. A3 Genomic variants correlated with cognitive behavioral development in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) StudyAmirthagowri Ambalavanan1, Jihoon Choi1, Amel Lamri2, Sukhpreet K. Tamana3, Sonia S. Anand3, Diana L. Lefebvre2, Malcolm R. Sears2, Meghan B. Azad4, Allan B. Becker4, Stuart E. Turvey5, Theo J. Moraes6,7, Padmaja Subbarao6,7, Piush J. Mandhane3, Qingling Duan1,8 1Department of Biomedical and Molecular Sciences, Queens University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada; 2Dept of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada; 3Department of Pediatrics, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada; 4Department of Pediatrics & Child Health and Community Health Sciences, University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, MB, Canada; 5Department of Pediatrics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; 6Department of Paediatrics, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; 7The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; 8School of Computing, Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada Correspondence: Qingling Duan (qingling.duan@queensu.ca)Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A3Background: Sleep disordered breathing (SDB), a collective term for chronic conditions including habitual snoring and obstructive sleep apnea, affects up to 10% of children between 2 and 8 years old. Earlier studies have shown that SDB in children is associated with neurobehavioral functions related to executive functioning, behavior development and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) [1]. We hypothesize that preschool SDB may share a common genetic predisposition with neurobehavioral functions during early childhood.Methods: In this study, genomics data were ascertained from the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) Study using the Illumina HumanCore Exome BeadChip. A total of 2048 Caucasian subjects had available SDB variables derived from parent-reported sleep-related breathing disorder subscale (age 5) in addition to cognitive behaviour assessments (i.e. Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) internalizing and externalizing scores, which are associated with anxiety and aggressive behaviours, respectively). We selected 108 loci for a candidate gene analysis of both SDB and CBCL scores that included variants previously associated with schizophrenia in a genome-wide association study by the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium (PGC) [2]. In addition to main genetic effects, we investigated the potential for genetic interactions with exposures such as exclusive breastfeeding until 3 months.Results: Single variant associations with CBCL externalizing score identified 14 significant variants located at chromosome 6q12 (p < 3.63 × 10−5). In addition, we identified 2 variants significantly associated with SDB at chromosome 6p22.1 (p = 1.8 × 10−5). Moreover, we identified an interaction effect between genetic variants at chromosome16q21 and exclusive breastfeeding at 3 months for CBCL externalizing score.Conclusion: Our study identified that genetic variants associated with schizophrenia in adults may contribute to cognitive behavioural traits and SDB among children during early childhood. These results suggest a common genetic predisposition that can be detected early in childhood and is modifiable by environmental exposures such as breastfeeding. On-going analyses include genetic risk score analysis and gene-set association tests of rare variants. Furthermore, we will explore gene-environmental interactions using additional exposures such as parental SDB, sleep duration, apnea–hypopnea index, sleep habits, and physical activity.Acknowledgements: Imputation of markers for CHILD subjects was performed by G. Pare and colleagues at McMaster University. Genomic analysis was performed with support provided by the Centre for Advanced Computing (CAC) at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario. The CAC is funded by: The Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Government of Ontario, and Queen’s University.The CHILD Study was primarily funded by the Allergy, Genes and Environment (AllerGen) Network of Centres of Excellence and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. References 1. Tamana SK, Smithson L, Lau A, Mariasine J, Young R, Chikuma J, Lefebvre DL, Subbarao P, Becker AB, Turvey SE, Sears MR, CHILD Study Investigators, Pei J, Mandhane PJ. Parent-reported symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing are associated with increased behavioral problems at 2 years of age: The Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development Birth Cohort Study. Sleep. 2018;41(1). 2. Schizophrenia Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium, Biological insights from 108 schizophrenia-associated genetic loci. Nature. 2014;511(7510):421–7. A4 Allergic immune dysregulation caused by a JAK1 gain-of-function mutationCatherine M. Biggs1,2, Kate L. Del Bel1,2, Robert J. Ragotte1,2, Aabida Saferali1,2, Felix Orben1,2, Margaret L. McKinnon2,3, Sara Mostafavi3,4, Stuart E. Turvey1,2 1Department of Pediatrics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada; 2BC Children’s Hospital Research Institute, Vancouver, BC, Canada; 3Department of Medical Genetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada; 4Department of Statistics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada Correspondence: Catherine M Biggs (cbiggs@bcchr.ca)Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A4Background: Primary atopic disorders are a group of genetic conditions characterized by excessive allergic inflammation irrespective of sensitization [1]. Studying the single gene defects that cause these disorders has led to fundamental discoveries in basic and clinical immunology [2, 3]. This, in turn, has created new therapeutic targets for allergic diseases, which carry an immense health and economic burden in Canada [4, 5]. Germline gain-of-function (GOF) mutations in JAK1 are a newly described cause of primary atopic disorder [6]. The clinical phenotype of the first and only described affected family includes severe atopic dermatitis, markedly elevated peripheral blood eosinophil counts, hepatosplenomegaly, autoimmunity, and failure to thrive [6]. We sought to characterize the mechanisms behind JAK1-mediated atopic immune dysregulation, focusing on its effect on T cell activation and differentiation.Methods: Peripheral blood mononuclear cells from healthy controls and patients carrying the JAK1 GOF mutation were evaluated by flow cytometry. T cell activation status and T helper cell subset distribution were analyzed using extracellular surface marker and intracellular cytokine staining by flow cytometry. Gene expression of RNA extracted from whole blood samples of affected patients and healthy controls was analyzed using next-generation RNA sequencing. Gene signatures corresponding to differentially expressed genes found in T helper subsets were compared between healthy controls and JAK1 GOF patients before and after treatment with ruxolitinib, an approved JAK1/2 inhibitor.Results: T cell immunophenotypic analysis by flow cytometry revealed a decreased proportion of naïve CD4+ T cells, in keeping with increased T cell activation. Elevated percentages of polarized T helper subsets were seen in comparison to healthy controls, with particular skewing towards the Th2 subset. RNA sequencing analysis revealed increased expression of Th1, Th2 and Th17 gene signatures in patients compared to healthy controls, with post-ruxolitinib treatment analysis showing a decline in Th2 and Th17-associated gene expression.Conclusions: Hyperactive JAK1 signaling appears to enhance T cell differentiation, in particular towards T helper subsets implicated in allergic inflammation. Medications that inhibit JAK1 may have benefits in treating disorders associated with allergic immune dysregulation, such as atopic dermatitis, asthma and eosinophilia. References 1. Lyons JJ, Milner JD. Primary atopic disorders. J Exp Med. 2018;215:1009–22. 2. Bennett CL, Christie J, Ramsdell F, Brunkow ME, Ferguson PJ, Whitesell L, Kelly TE, Saulsbury FT, Chance PF, Ochs HD. The immune dysregulation, polyendocrinopathy, enteropathy, X-linked syndrome (IPEX) is caused by mutations of FOXP3. Nat Genet. 2001;27:20–1. 3. Fontenot JD, Gavin MA, Rudensky AY. Foxp3 programs the development and function of CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells. Nat Immunol. 2003;4:330–6. 4. Pawankar R. Allergic diseases and asthma: a global public health concern and a call to action. World Allergy Organ J. 2014;7:12. 5. Royce D. Knowledge translation opportunities in allergic disease and asthma. Allergy Asthma Clin Immunol. 2010;6. 6. Del Bel KL, Ragotte RJ, Saferali A, Lee S, Vercauteren SM, Mostafavi SA, Schreiber RA, Prendiville JS, Phang MS, Halparin J, et al. JAK1 gain-of-function causes an autosomal dominant immune dysregulatory and hypereosinophilic syndrome. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017; 139:2016–20.e2015. A5 Influence of simulated obstructive sleep apnea on thoracic fluid volume and airways resistance in healthy subjectsXiaoshu Cao1,2, T. Douglas Bradley2,3, Swati Bhatawadekar2, Bojan Gavrilovic2, Shumit Saha1,2, Cristina O. Francisco2, Azadeh Yadollahi1,2 1Institute of Biomaterials & Biomedical Engineering, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; 2University Health Network-Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; 3Department of Medicine, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada Correspondence: Xiaoshu Cao (Xiaoshu.cao@mail.utoronto.ca)Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A5Background: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is common in asthmatics, with a significant overlap of 12–50% [1]. OSA prevalence increases with increasing asthma severity, suggesting a pathophysiological link between the two [2]. OSA is also a risk factor for frequent nocturnal asthma exacerbations [3]. Recently, overnight rostral fluid shift (fluid displacement out of the legs into the neck and peripharyngeal tissues) was found to increase upper airway resistance and severity of OSA [4]. Recently, we have shown that in asthmatics while supine, fluid shifts from the legs into the thorax increases lower airways resistance (RLA) [5, 6]. During an obstructive apnea, intrathoracic pressure decreases dramatically, which could increase blood pooling into the thorax and increase thoracic fluid volume (TFV). Our objective is to determine whether in asthmatics, generation of negative pleural pressure by co-existing OSA could draw fluid into the thorax and therefore exacerbate lower airways narrowing and increase RLA. We hypothesized that negative pleural pressure generated by inspiratory efforts against an occluded upper airway will increase TFV. If true, the excess fluid in the thorax may increase RLA, worsening asthma during sleep.Methods: Healthy subjects laid supine for 30 min and were randomized to a control or intervention study arm with a 1-h seated washout period between the study arms. In the control arm, subjects breathed normally. In the intervention arm, subjects performed Mueller maneuvers (MM) by breathing against occluded mouth and nose to simulate OSA. 25 MMs were performed for 15 s each at esophageal pressure of − 40 cmH2O followed by 15 s of normal breathing. TFV and RLA were monitored continuously. Changes in TFV and RLA from 0 min to 30 min were calculated and compared between study arms using repeated measures ANOVA.Results: In six healthy subjects, MMs caused a significantly greater increase in TFV of 124 ml than the control arm (P = 0.0007, Fig. 1). However, RLA did not change significantly during MMs compared to control (0.3 ± 1.4 vs − 0.9 ± 1.3, P = 0.16).Fig. 1Changes in TFV during MMs and control study arms (n = 6)Full size image Conclusion: The results provide strong evidence that MMs draw fluid into the thorax. However, in healthy subjects this did not affect RLA. Based on our previous findings that induced rostral fluid shift of 53 ml provokes increases in RLA in asthmatics [5, 6], it is likely that MMs will have similar effects in asthmatics. Accordingly, we plan to test this hypothesis in asthmatics. References 1. Kong DL, Qin Z, Shen H, Jin HY, Wang W, Wang ZF. Association of obstructive sleep apnea with asthma: a meta-analysis. Sci Rep. 2017;7:4008. 2. Julien JY, Martin JG, Ernst P, Olivenstein R, Hamid Q, Lemie`re C, Pepe C, Naor N, Olha A, Kimoff RJ. Prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea–hypopnea in severe versus moderate asthma. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2009;124(2):371–6. 3. Chan CS, Woolcock AJ, Sullivan CE. Nocturnal asthma: role of snoring and obstructive sleep apnea. Am Rev Respir Dis. 1988;137:1502–4. 4. Redolfi S, Yumino D, Ruttanaumpawan P, Yau B, Su MC, Lam J, Bradley TD. Relationship between overnight rostral fluid shift and obstructive sleep apnea in nonobese men. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2009;179:241–6. 5. Bhatawadekar SA, Inman MD, Fredberg JJ, Tarlo SM, Lyons OD, Keller G, Yadollah A. Contribution of rostral fluid shift to intrathoracic airway narrowing in asthma. J Appl Physiol. 2017;122(4):809–16. 6. Bhatawadekar SA, et al. Reduced baseline airway caliber relates to larger airway sensitivity to rostral fluid shift in asthma. Front Physiol. 2017;8(1012). A6 Genome-wide association study of human milk oligosaccharides in the CHILD StudyLe Chang1,2, Amirthagowri Ambalavanan2, Amel Lamri3, Bianca Robertson4, Chloe Yonemitsu4, Stuart E. Turvey5,6, Piushkumar J. Mandhane7, Allan B. Becker8,9, Theo J. Moraes10, Sonia S. Anand11, Guillaume Paré12, Diana L. Lefebvre11, Malcolm R. Sears11, Padmaja Subbarao10, Lars Bode4, Meghan B. Azad8,9, Qingling Duan1,2 1School of Computing, Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada; 2Department of Biomedical and Molecular Sciences, Queen’s University, Kingston, Ontario, Canada; 3Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada; 4Department of Pediatrics and Larsson-Rosenquist Foundation Mother-Milk-Infant Center of Research Excellence, University of California San Diego, La Jolla, California, USA; 5Division of Allergy and Immunology, Department of Pediatrics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; 6Department of Pediatrics, Child and Family Research Institute and British Columbia Children’s Hospital, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada; 7Department of Pediatrics, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada; 8Manitoba Developmental Origins of Chronic Diseases in Children Network (DEVOTION), Children’s Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada; 9Department of Pediatrics and Child Health, University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada; 10Department of Pediatrics, Hospital for Sick Children and University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada; 11Department of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada; 12Pathology and Molecular Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada Correspondence: Qingling Duan (qingling.duan@queensu.ca)Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A6Background: Human milk oligosaccharides (HMOs) are abundant in human breastmilk; however, they are absent from most infant formulas. HMOs shape the growth of infant gut microbiota and contribute to immune system development. Maternal secretor status and environmental factors influence HMO synthesis and concentration. While specific genetic variants in fucosyltransferase (FUT) genes are known to determine maternal secretor status, it remains unknown if other genetic factors modulate HMO concentrations in breastmilk [1]. The aim of this study was to investigate the association of genetic variants with the concentration of HMOs in breastmilk.Methods: Our study involved a subgroup of 1206 Canadian mothers from the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) birth cohort. Breastmilk samples were collected 3–4 months postpartum. A total of 19 HMOs were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (HPLC–MS); secretor status was determined from the presence of 2′-fucosyllactose [2]. Genotyping data were obtained using the Illumina HumanCoreExome BeadChip and imputations were conducted using IMPUTE2 based on sequence data from the 1000 Genomes Project. We performed a genome-wide association study (GWAS) of maternal secretor status (logistic regression) and of each HMO concentration (linear regression), which included 6 million imputed variants (minor allele frequency > 0.05). The functional effect prediction tool SnpEff was used for annotation of the associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) to determine their potential coding or regulatory functions.Results: We identified significant associations for multiple loci in chromosome 19 (within the region encoding FUT2) with 16 HMO concentrations as well as maternal secretor status. In addition, several variants on chromosome 3 were correlated with 6′-sialyllactose (P = 3.92 × 10−9) and disialyllacto-N-hexaose (P = 1.51 × 10−8); the most significant SNP in this region was a genetic variant located downstream of the β-galactoside α-2,6-sialyltransferase 1 (ST6GAL1) gene.Conclusions: Common genetic variations are strongly correlated with HMO concentrations. In addition to observing expected associations for genetic variants in the FUT2 locus on chromosome 19, we identified several novel associations with variants on chromosome 3. Future work in our lab will investigate the genetic factors modulating other breastmilk components, and determine the long-term impact on infant health and childhood asthma.Acknowledgements: This work was supported by AllerGen NCE Inc., Research Manitoba and CIHR. References 1. Bode L. Human milk oligosaccharides: every baby needs a sugar mama. Glycobiology. 2012;22:1147–62. 2. Azad MB, Robertson B, Atakora F, Becker AB, Subbarao P, Moraes TJ, Mandhane PJ, Turvey SE, Lefebvre DL, Sears MR. Human milk oligosaccharide concentrations are associated with multiple fixed and modifiable maternal characteristics, environmental factors, and feeding practices. J Nutr. 2018. A7 Early life patterns of respiratory-related health services use in a birth cohortWenjia Chen1,2, Padmaja Subbarao3,4,5, Rachel E. McGihon1, Laura Y. Feldman1, Jingqin Zhu1,2, Wendy Lou6, Andrea S. Gershon1,2,6,7, Kawsari Abdullah1, Theo J. Moraes3,4, Aimée Dubeau3, Malcolm R. Sears5, Diana L. Lefebvre5, Stuart E. Turvey8, Piush J. Mandhane9, Meghan B. Azad10, Teresa To1,2,6 1Child Health Evaluative Sciences, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Canada; 2Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences, Toronto, Canada; 3Translational Medicine and Division of Respiratory Medicine, The Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Canada; 4Department of Pediatrics, University of Toronto, Canada; 5Department of Medicine, McMaster University, Hamilton, Canada; 6Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto, Toronto, Canada; 7Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Toronto, Canada; 8Department of Pediatrics, BC Children’s Hospital, Vancouver, Canada; 9Department of Pediatrics, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Canada; 10Department of Pediatrics & Child Health, Children’s Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba, University of Manitoba, Winnipeg, Canada Correspondence: Wenjia Chen (chwenjia@gmail.com)Allergy, Asthma & Clinical Immunology 2019, 15(Suppl 2):A7Background: Knowledge of the pattern of respiratory-related health care utilization in early childhood may help identify children at high risk of respiratory morbidities. This study aimed to identify distinctive patterns of respiratory-related health services use (HSU) between birth and 3 years of age.Methods: We conducted a longitudinal analysis on a sub-cohort enrolled in the Toronto site of the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) birth cohort study in 2009–2012. We included 729 mother and child pairs of this sub-cohort who were linked to Ontario health administrative databases (2009–2016) using unique personal health card numbers. Based on the individual trajectories of hospitalization, emergency department (ED) and physician office visits for respiratory conditions and total healthcare costs, we performed a cluster analysis to identify distinct groups of children who followed a similar pattern of respiratory-related HSU between birth and 3 years of age. Finally, we compared the distributions of early respiratory symptoms and health characteristics across HSU groups, and examined group-specific future healthcare costs between 3 and 5 years of age.Results: Two statistically significant distinct HSU pattern groups were identified. The majority (N = 678, frequency weight = 0.905) showed a pattern of low and stable respiratory care utilization (Low HSU) while the remainder (N = 51, weight = 0.095) showed a pattern of high and varying utilization (High HSU) (Fig. 1). From 0 to 3 years of age, the Low- and High-HSU groups differed in their mean trajectories of total healthcare costs ($783 per 6 months decreased to $114, versus $1796 to $177, respectively). Compared to Low-HSU, the High-HSU group was associated with a constant risk of respiratory-related hospitalizations and early high ED utilization and physician visits for respiratory problems. The two groups differed significantly in the timing of wheezing (late onset in Low-HSU versus early in High-HSU), future total costs (stable versus increased), prevalence of atopy and parental socioeconomic status.Fig. 1Distinct patterns of respiratory-related HSU between 0 and 3 years of age. Right panel shows the model-estimated posterior mean trajectory of each pattern. Left panel shows the observed longitudinal profiles of each patternFull size imageConclusions: We identified distinct patterns of respiratory-related HSU in early life that may be associated with subsequent respiratory-related morbidity. These patterns may help identify at risk children in a large population and inform health resource allocation.A8 Genetic risk score analysis to identify polygenic variations for predicting recurrent wheeze in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(5/38)
TITLE: DNA Gyrase-mediated Wrapping of the DNA Strand Is Required for the Replication Fork Arrest by the DNA Gyrase-Quinolone-DNA Ternary Complex
ABSTRACT: The ability of DNA gyrase (Gyr) to wrap the DNA strand around itself allows Gyr to introduce negative supercoils into DNA molecules. It has been demonstrated that the deletion of the C-terminal DNA-binding domain of the GyrA subunit abolishes the ability of Gyr to wrap the DNA strand and catalyze the supercoiling reaction (Kampranis, S. C., and Maxwell, A. (1996) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 93, 14416–14421). By using this mutant Gyr, Gyr (A59), we have studied effects of Gyr-mediated wrapping of the DNA strand on its replicative function and its interaction with the quinolone antibacterial drugs. We find that Gyr (A59) can support oriC DNA replication in vitro. However, Gyr (A59)-catalyzed decatenation activity is not efficient enough to complete the decatenation of replicating daughter DNA molecules. As is the case with topoisomerase IV, the active cleavage and reunion activity of Gyr is required for the formation of the ternary complex that can arrest replication fork progression in vitro. Although the quinolone drugs stimulate the covalent Gyr (A59)-DNA complex formation, the Gyr (A59)-quinolone-DNA ternary complexes do not arrest the progression of replication forks. Thus, the quinolone-induced covalent topoisomerase-DNA complex formation is necessary but not sufficient to cause the inhibition of DNA replication. We also assess the stability of ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59), the wild type Gyr, or topoisomerase IV. The ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59) are more sensitive to salt than those formed with either the wild type Gyr or topoisomerase IV. Furthermore, a competition experiment demonstrates that the ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59) readily disassociate from the DNA, whereas the ternary complexes formed with either the wild type Gyr or topoisomerase IV remain stably bound. Thus, Gyr-mediated wrapping of the DNA strand is required for the formation of the stable Gyr-quinolone-DNA ternary complex that can arrest replication fork progression. The ability of DNA gyrase (Gyr) to wrap the DNA strand around itself allows Gyr to introduce negative supercoils into DNA molecules. It has been demonstrated that the deletion of the C-terminal DNA-binding domain of the GyrA subunit abolishes the ability of Gyr to wrap the DNA strand and catalyze the supercoiling reaction (Kampranis, S. C., and Maxwell, A. (1996) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 93, 14416–14421). By using this mutant Gyr, Gyr (A59), we have studied effects of Gyr-mediated wrapping of the DNA strand on its replicative function and its interaction with the quinolone antibacterial drugs. We find that Gyr (A59) can support oriC DNA replication in vitro. However, Gyr (A59)-catalyzed decatenation activity is not efficient enough to complete the decatenation of replicating daughter DNA molecules. As is the case with topoisomerase IV, the active cleavage and reunion activity of Gyr is required for the formation of the ternary complex that can arrest replication fork progression in vitro. Although the quinolone drugs stimulate the covalent Gyr (A59)-DNA complex formation, the Gyr (A59)-quinolone-DNA ternary complexes do not arrest the progression of replication forks. Thus, the quinolone-induced covalent topoisomerase-DNA complex formation is necessary but not sufficient to cause the inhibition of DNA replication. We also assess the stability of ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59), the wild type Gyr, or topoisomerase IV. The ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59) are more sensitive to salt than those formed with either the wild type Gyr or topoisomerase IV. Furthermore, a competition experiment demonstrates that the ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59) readily disassociate from the DNA, whereas the ternary complexes formed with either the wild type Gyr or topoisomerase IV remain stably bound. Thus, Gyr-mediated wrapping of the DNA strand is required for the formation of the stable Gyr-quinolone-DNA ternary complex that can arrest replication fork progression. DNA gyrase double-strand break dithiothreitol early replicative intermediates nicked or gapped DNA molecule(s) late replicative intermediates norfloxacin topoisomerase Topoisomerases are ubiquitous enzymes that alter the linking number of DNA. As such, they play essential roles in every aspect of DNA metabolism (1Wang J.C. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1996; 65: 635-692Crossref PubMed Scopus (2054) Google Scholar). Type II topoisomerases are well conserved throughout the evolution and form a large protein family. DNA gyrase (Gyr)1 is unique among the type II topoisomerases. Gyr wraps the DNA strand around itself when it binds to the DNA, and this unique mode of DNA binding allows Gyr to introduce the negative supercoils into DNA molecules (1Wang J.C. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1996; 65: 635-692Crossref PubMed Scopus (2054) Google Scholar). Kampranis and Maxwell (2Kampranis S.C. Maxwell A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 14416-14421Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar) have recently demonstrated that Gyr can be converted into a conventional type II topoisomerase by deleting the C terminal of the DNA binding domain of the GyrA subunit. This mutant Gyr, Gyr (A59), no longer wraps the DNA strand around itself and cannot catalyze the supercoiling reaction. However, Gyr (A59) is still capable of catalyzing decatenation and relaxation reactions. In addition, Gyr (A59) can partially complement the phenotype of aparC ts mutant (2Kampranis S.C. Maxwell A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 14416-14421Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar). It is suggested that Gyr (A59) could substitute for the cellular function of topoisomerase IV (Topo IV). Topoisomerases are the cellular targets for clinically important antibacterial and anticancer drugs (3Maxwell A. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 1992; 30: 191-218Crossref Scopus (157) Google Scholar, 4Chen A.Y. Liu L.F. Annu. Rev. Pharmacol. Toxicol. 1994; 34: 191-218Crossref PubMed Scopus (777) Google Scholar, 5Froelich-Ammon S.J. Osheroff N. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 21429-21432Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (504) Google Scholar). These topoisomerase inhibitors convert topoisomerases into poisons by trapping the covalent topoisomerase-DNA complex (also called the "cleavable complex") as a topoisomerase-drug-DNA ternary complex. In the ternary complex, the DNA helix is broken, and the topoisomerase bridge maintains the linear integrity of the DNA. Although the ternary complex formation is critical for the cytotoxicity of these topoisomerase inhibitors, ternary complexes are normally reversible. It has been proposed that an active DNA transaction, such as the passage of replication forks, is required for the disruption of ternary complexes and the generation of nonreversible, cytotoxic DNA lesions (3Maxwell A. J. Antimicrob. Chemother. 1992; 30: 191-218Crossref Scopus (157) Google Scholar, 4Chen A.Y. Liu L.F. Annu. Rev. Pharmacol. Toxicol. 1994; 34: 191-218Crossref PubMed Scopus (777) Google Scholar, 5Froelich-Ammon S.J. Osheroff N. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 21429-21432Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (504) Google Scholar). We have studied the molecular events during the collision between a replication fork and a Topo IV-norfloxacin (Norf)-DNA ternary complexin vitro, using the oriC replication system reconstituted with purified proteins (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar). The active strand cleavage and reunion activity of Topo IV are required for the formation of the ternary complex that can arrest replication fork progression. Interestingly, the collision between a replication fork and a Topo IV-Norf-DNA ternary complex converts the ternary complex to a nonreversible form but does not generate a double-strand break (DSB). An additional step is required for the generation of DSBs. Thus, the cytotoxicity associated with this class of topoisomerase inhibitors results from a two-step process as follows: the conversion of a topoisomerase-quinolone-DNA ternary complex to a nonreversible form and the generation of a DSB by subsequent denaturation of the topoisomerase in the dead-end complex (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar). To investigate further the molecular mechanism of replication fork arrest by the topoisomerase-quinolone-DNA ternary complex, we modeled the collision between a replication fork and a Gyr-Norf-DNA ternary complex, using the wild type and two mutant Gyr proteins, Gyr (A59) and Gyr (A, Y122F). Gyr (A59) cannot wrap the DNA strand around itself (2Kampranis S.C. Maxwell A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 14416-14421Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar) and Gyr (A, Y122F) is a catalytically inactive mutant. Norf stimulated both the wild type Gyr- and Gyr (A59)-catalyzed DNA cleavages. No DNA cleavage was detected when Gyr (A, Y122F) was used. The ternary complexes formed with either Gyr (A, Y122F) or Gyr (A59) did not block the progression of replication forks in vitro. These results demonstrated that the formation of the quinolone-induced covalent Gyr-DNA complex was necessary but not sufficient to arrest the replication fork progression. We also assessed the stability of ternary complexes formed with either Gyr (A59), the wild type Gyr, or Topo IV. We found that Gyr (A59)-Norf-DNA ternary complexes were more sensitive to salt than Gyr-Norf-DNA and Topo IV-Norf-DNA ternary complexes. A competition experiment showed that the Gyr (A59)-Norf-DNA ternary complexes readily disassociated from the DNA, whereas both Gyr-Norf-DNA and Topo IV-Norf-DNA ternary complexes remained stably bound. These results demonstrated that the ternary complexes formed with Gyr (A59) were less stable than those formed with either the wild type Gyr or Topo IV. Thus, Gyr-mediated wrapping of the DNA strand was required for the formation of stable Gyr-quinolone-DNA ternary complexes that could arrest the progression of replication forks. These results indicated that the stability of the topoisomerase-quinolone-DNA ternary complex might determine if the collision between a replication fork and a topoisomerase-quinolone-DNA ternary complex would result in the inhibition of DNA replication. Escherichia coli DNA replication proteins, generous gifts of Kenneth Marians (Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center), were as described previously (7Minden J.S. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1985; 260: 9316-9325Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 8Parada C.A. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1991; 266: 18895-18906Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 9Wu C.A. Zechner E.L. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1992; 267: 4030-4044Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). A truncated GyrA subunit, GyrA(59) (2Kampranis S.C. Maxwell A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 14416-14421Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar), was overexpressed and purified according to Shea and Hiasa (10Shea M.E. Hiasa H. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 14649-14658Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (25) Google Scholar) with a slight modification. Briefly, after the chromatography on Q-Sepharose FF (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech) and DEAE-cellulose DE52 (Whatman), the protein fraction was loaded onto a Superose 6 HR column (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech) equilibrated with Buffer A (25 mm Tris-HCl, pH 7.5 (4 °C), 2.5 mm dithiothreitol (DTT), 0.5 mmEDTA, 10% glycerol, and 500 mm NaCl). The peak of the 59-kDa protein was pooled and dialyzed against Buffer B (50 mm Tris-HCl, pH 7.5 (4 °C), 5 mm DTT, 1 mm EDTA, 40% glycerol, and 100 mm NaCl). This final preparation of GyrA(59) was greater than 95% homogeneous for a single band on SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (data not shown). The active site Tyr of the GyrA subunit was replaced with Phe by the site-directed mutagenesis of the cloned gyrA gene using the overlap extension polymerase chain reaction technique. 2H. Hiasa, D. O. Yousef, and K. J. Marians, unpublished results. The GyrA (Y122F) protein was overexpressed and purified according to the same protocol used for the purification of GyrA(59). The final preparation of GyrA (Y122F) was greater than 95% homogeneous for a single band on SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (data not shown). GyrA(59) and GyrA (Y122F) were mixed with the wild type GyrB to reconstitute Gyr (A59) and Gyr (A, Y122F), respectively. The wild type Gyr was also prepared by mixing the wild type GyrA and GyrB proteins. Two types of oriC plasmids, pBROTB535 type I (11Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 6058-6063Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) and pBROTB353 type I (12Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 26959-26968Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), were prepared according to Hiasa and Marians (13Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 27244-27248Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (26) Google Scholar). The standard oriC DNA replication assay was performed as described previously (11Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 6058-6063Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 13Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 27244-27248Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (26) Google Scholar), except that phosphocreatine and creatine kinase were omitted from the reaction mixtures. Reaction mixtures (12.5 μl) containing theoriC plasmid pBROTB535 type I DNA, DnaA, DnaB, DnaC, DnaG, HU protein, single-stranded DNA-binding protein, the DNA polymerase III holoenzyme, and topoisomerase were incubated at 30 °C for 10 min. After terminating the reaction by adding EDTA to 25 mm, nucleotide incorporation was measured, and the replication products were analyzed by the native agarose gel electrophoresis as described by Hiasa and Marians (11Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 6058-6063Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Any changes in the reaction conditions are indicated in the figure legends. The modified pulse-chase protocol was performed, using pBROTB535 type I DNA as the DNA template, as described previously (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar, 14Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 16371-16375Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Any changes in the reaction conditions are indicated in the figure legends. pBROTB353 type I DNA was linearized by digesting with the EcoRI restriction endonuclease and 3′-end-labeled by incorporation of 2 residues of [32P]dAMP with Klenow enzyme. This 3′-end-labeled linear plasmid DNA was used as a substrate. Standard reaction mixtures (20 μl) containing 40 mmHEPES-KOH (pH 7.6), 10 mm MgOAc2, 10 mm DTT, 50 μg/ml bovine serum albumin, 2 mmATP, 20 fmol (as molecule) of 32P-labeled linear pBROTB353 type I DNA, the indicated concentrations of Norf, and the indicated amounts of either the wild type or a mutant Gyr were incubated at 37 °C for 10 min. SDS was added to 1% to terminate the reactions, and the reaction mixtures were further incubated at 37 °C for 5 min. EDTA and proteinase K were then added to 25 mm and 100 μg/ml, respectively, and the incubation was continued for an additional 15 min. The DNA products were purified by extraction of the reaction mixtures with phenol/chloroform (1:1, v/v) and then analyzed by electrophoresis through vertical 1% agarose (Seakem ME, FMC) gels (14 × 10 × 0.3 cm) at 4 V/cm for 4 h or at 2 V/cm for 8 h in a running buffer of 50 mm Tris-HCl (pH 7.9 at 23 °C), 40 mm sodium acetate, and 1 mm EDTA (TAE). Gels were dried under vacuum onto GR3 papers (Whatman) and autoradiographed with Hyperfilm MP films (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech). Amounts of cleaved DNA were quantitated by scanning images by a STORM 840 PhosphorImager (Molecular Dynamics). Reaction mixtures were assembled as described in the previous section, and 300 fmol (as tetramer) of Gyr, Gyr (A59), or Topo IV was bound to 20 fmol (as molecule) of 32P-labeled linear pBROTB353 type I DNA in the presence of 100 μm Norf during the first stage of incubation at 37 °C for 10 min. Then, various concentrations of NaCl were added to the reaction mixtures, and the reaction mixtures were incubated at 37 °C for 5 min. Reactions were terminated by adding SDS to 1% and incubating at 37 °C for 5 min. EDTA and proteinase K were added to a final concentration of 25 mm and 100 μg/ml, respectively, and the incubation was further continued at 37 °C for an additional 15 min. The DNA products were purified and analyzed as described in the previous section. Reaction mixtures (120 μl) containing 40 mmHEPES-KOH (pH 7.6), 10 mm MgOAc2, 10 mm DTT, 50 μg/ml bovine serum albumin, 2 mmATP, 120 fmol (as molecule) of 32P-labeled linear pBROTB353 type I DNA, 1.2 pmol (as tetramer) of the wild type Gyr, Gyr (A59), or Topo IV and 100 μm Norf were incubated at 37 °C for 10 min. A cold competitor, 9.6 μg (2.4 pmol as molecule) of pBROTB353 type I DNA, was added to the reaction mixtures, and the incubation was continued at 37 °C. Portions (18 μl each) of the reaction mixtures were withdrawn at indicated times, and SDS was added to 1% to terminate the reactions. The reaction mixtures were further incubated at 37 °C for 5 min. EDTA and proteinase K were then added to 25 mm and 100 μg/ml, respectively, and the incubation was continued for an additional 15 min. The DNA products were purified and then analyzed as described in the previous section. The ability of Gyr to introduce negative superhelicity into DNA molecules distinguishes this enzyme from other topoisomerases (1Wang J.C. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1996; 65: 635-692Crossref PubMed Scopus (2054) Google Scholar). Recently, it has been demonstrated that Gyr can be converted into a conventional type II topoisomerase, an enzyme similar to Topo IV, by deleting the C terminus of the DNA binding domain of the GyrA subunit (2Kampranis S.C. Maxwell A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 14416-14421Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar). This mutant protein, Gyr (A59), unlike the wild type Gyr, does not wrap the DNA strand and cannot catalyze the supercoiling reaction. By using our preparations of the wild type Gyr and Gyr (A59), we assessed biochemical activities of these enzymes. Gyr (A59) could catalyze decatenation and relaxation reactions, but no supercoiling activity was detected. The specific activity of Gyr (A59) was identical to that of the wild type Gyr when the decatenation activity of these enzymes was measured using kinetoplast DNA as a substrate (data not shown). Here, we investigated effects of Gyr-mediated wrapping of the DNA strand on its functional activities during DNA replication and its interaction with the quinolone antibacterial drugs. Gyr (A59) Can Support Nascent Chain Elongation, but Not Decatenation of Replicating Daughter DNA Molecules, during oriC DNA Replication in Vitro—The wild type Gyr is incapable of decatenating replicating daughter DNA molecules (15Hiasa H. DiGate R.J. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 2093-2099Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). In the oriCreplication system reconstituted with purified proteins, little monomer product is generated when only Gyr is present as a topoisomerase. Topoisomerase III or Topo IV is required for the production of the final monomer product (15Hiasa H. DiGate R.J. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 2093-2099Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 16Peng H. Marians K.J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1993; 90: 8571-8575Crossref PubMed Scopus (118) Google Scholar). Kampranis and Maxwell (2Kampranis S.C. Maxwell A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 14416-14421Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar) have demonstrated that gyrA(59) can partially complement the phenotype of a parC ts mutant, indicating that Gyr (A59) could decatenate replicating daughter chromosomes in the cell. We assessed the decatenation activity of Gyr (A59) during oriCDNA replication in vitro. Standard oriC replication reactions were incubated in the presence of the various amounts of either Gyr (A59) or Topo IV, in addition to a constant amount of the wild type Gyr, and then the DNA products were analyzed by native agarose gel electrophoresis (Fig.1 A). In the presence of Gyr alone, the majority of the replication products were late replicative intermediates (LRI) and multiply linked form II-form II DNA dimers (Fig. 1 A, lane 1). The addition of Topo IV resulted in the accumulation of form II DNA molecules (Fig. 1 A, lanes 6 and7). In contrast, the addition of Gyr (A59) did not change the pattern of the replication products (Fig. 1 A, lanes 2–5), although the linking number of DNA dimers was reduced when Gyr (A59) was present at high concentrations. These results showed that the decatenation activity of Gyr (A59) was not efficient enough to complete the decatenation of replicating daughter DNA molecules and produce the final monomer product. We further examined if Gyr (A59) alone could support oriCDNA replication. Standard oriC replication reactions were incubated in the presence of various amounts of either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59). Analysis of the replication products revealed the types of DNA molecules generated during the Gyr- and Gyr (A59)-supported oriC DNA replication (Fig. 1 B). In the absence of any topoisomerase, only ERIs were accumulated (Fig.1 B, lane 1). ERI are molecules on which initiation has occurred but no extensive nascent chain elongation has ensued (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar, 14Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 16371-16375Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). As described above, LRI and form II-form II DNA dimers were accumulated during the wild type Gyr-supported oriC DNA replication (Fig. 1 B, lanes 2–5). The same patterns of the replication products were generated when Gyr (A59) was used (Fig. 1 B, lanes 6–9). We also performed the product analysis by alkaline-denaturing agarose gel electrophoresis, and we confirmed that both leading and lagging strands were synthesized during theoriC DNA replication supported by either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59) (data not shown). These results demonstrated that Gyr (A59) was capable of supporting the nascent chain elongation but not decatenating daughter DNA molecules during the oriC DNA replication in vitro. These results also demonstrated that the supercoiling activity of Gyrper se was not required to support nascent chain elongation. Next, we assessed the effect of the quinolone drugs on Gyr (A59). By using a 3′-end-labeled linear plasmid DNA as a substrate, we measured the stimulation of Gyr (A59)-catalyzed DNA cleavages by Norf (Fig. 2). Norf stimulated both the wild type Gyr- and Gyr (A59)-catalyzed cleavages in a concentration-dependent manner. However, Gyr (A59) was less sensitive to Norf than the wild type protein. The [Norf]1/2 for Gyr (A59)-catalyzed and the wild type Gyr-catalyzed DNA cleavages were 4–5 and 0.1–0.2 μm, respectively (Fig. 2 B; data not shown).Figure 1Gyr (A59) cannot decatenate replicating daughter DNA molecules during oriC DNA replicationin vitro. A, standard oriC DNA replication reactions containing 140 fmol (as tetramer) of the wild type Gyr and the indicated amounts (as tetramer) of either Gyr (A59) or Topo IV were incubated at 30 °C for 10 min, and the DNA products were analyzed by the electrophoresis through 0.8% native agarose gels (11Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 6058-6063Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Total DNA synthesis (as nucleotides): lane 1, 186 pmol; lane 2, 218 pmol; lane 3, 201 pmol;lane 4, 220 pmol; lane 5, 180 pmol; lane 6, 235 pmol; lane 7, 200 pmol. B, standardoriC DNA replication reactions were incubated in the presence of the indicated amounts (as tetramer) of either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59). The replication products were analyzed by native agarose gel electrophoresis (11Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 6058-6063Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Total DNA synthesis (as nucleotides):lane 1, 38 pmol; lane 2, 175 pmol; lane 3, 220 pmol; lane 4, 262 pmol; lane 5, 236 pmol; lane 6, 76 pmol; lane 7, 115 pmol;lane 8, 164 pmol; lane 9, 234 pmol.wt, the wild type Gyr; A59, Gyr (A59); IV, Topo IV;LRI, late replicative intermediates; ERI, early replicative intermediates; II:II, form II-form II DNA dimers.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT)Figure 2Norf stimulates Gyr (A59)-catalyzed DNA cleavages. Stimulation of Gyr-catalyzed DNA cleavages by Norf was measured as described under "Materials and Methods." Reaction mixtures contained 20 fmol (as molecule) 32P-labeled linear pBROTB353 type I DNA, 0.3 pmol (as tetramer) of either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59), and the indicated concentrations of Norf.A, the DNA products were analyzed by the electrophoresis through 1% native agarose gels. Abbreviations are the same as in Fig.1 legend. B, relative amounts of the full-length plasmid DNA were measured. Experiments were repeated twice, and the error range was ±4%. Representative results are shown. ○, the wild type Gyr; ■, Gyr (A59).View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) Both enzymes cleaved greater than 90% of the plasmid DNA when Norf was present at high concentrations (>50 μm). These results showed that, under these conditions, the plasmid DNA was occupied by at least one ternary complex formed with either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59). The active strand cleavage and reunion activity of Topo IV are required for the formation of the Topo IV-Norf-DNA ternary complexes that can arrest the progression of replication forks in vitro (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar). We examined if this was also the case with Gyr, by using a catalytically inactive mutant Gyr (A, Y122F). First, the standard DNA cleavage assay was performed and showed no Gyr (A, Y122F)-catalyzed DNA cleavage (Fig.3 A). These results confirmed that the substitution of the active site Tyr with Phe abolished the strand cleavage activity of Gyr. The modified oriC pulse-chase protocol (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar, 14Hiasa H. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 16371-16375Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) was employed to assess the ability of the ternary complex formed with Gyr (A, Y122F) to arrest replication fork progression in vitro (Fig.3 B). ERI were formed and labeled, and then the paused replication forks were released by linearizing the DNA template with the SmaI restriction endonuclease, which digested the DNA template once at oriC. Linearization of the DNA template was sufficient to release the paused replication forks and generate the full-length product as a result of the run-off DNA replication (Fig.3 B, lane 1). Because no topoisomerase was required to relieve topological constraint, this reaction was insensitive to the presence of Norf (Fig. 3 B, lane 2). Either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A, Y122F) was added, together with Norf, to the reaction mixtures prior to the addition of the SmaI restriction enzyme. The subsequent release of replication forks would result in collisions between replication forks and the ternary complexes. The ternary complexes that could arrest replication fork progression would, therefore, manifest themselves in this assay by preventing the appearance of the full-length DNA product. In the absence of Norf, neither the wild type Gyr nor Gyr (A, Y122F) affected elongation of the nascent chains in the ERI to the full-length product (Fig. 3 B, lanes 3 and 5). When Norf was present, replication fork progression was blocked in the presence of the wild type Gyr (Fig. 3 B, lane 4) but not in the presence of Gyr (A, Y122F) (Fig. 3 B, lane 6). These results demonstrated that the active strand cleavage and reunion activity of Gyr was required for the formation of the ternary complex that could arrest replication fork progression. We further examined if the formation of covalent Gyr-DNA complexes was not only necessary but also sufficient to arrest replication fork progression. If the covalent Gyr-DNA complex formation is sufficient to inhibit DNA replication, the Gyr (A59)-Norf-DNA ternary complex would block the replication fork progression. The occupancy of the topoisomerase on the DNA is one of the determining factors of the probability of collisions between replication forks and topoisomerase-DNA complexes. The amounts of topoisomerase-catalyzed DNA cleavages represent the formation of the covalent topoisomerase-DNA complexes on the DNA. As shown in Fig. 2, the occupancies of the plasmid DNA template by the ternary complexes formed with either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59) were similar when Norf was present at high concentrations. Thus, under these conditions, we expected the collisions between replication forks and the ternary complexes formed with either the wild type Gyr or Gyr (A59) would take place at a similar frequency. The modified oriC pulse-chase protocol (6Hiasa H. Yousef D.O. Marians K.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 26424-26429Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (103) Google Scholar, 14Hiasa H. Marians

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(6/38)
TITLE: Current plant speciation research: unravelling the processes and mechanisms behind the evolution of reproductive isolation barriers
ABSTRACT: Explaining what species are and how they arise has been at the center of biological research since the first evolutionary concepts were developed by Buffon, Lamarck, and Darwin (Tirard, 2010). With the widespread acceptance of the biological species concept, according to which 'species are a group of interbreeding natural populations that are reproductively isolated from other such groups' (Mayr, 1996), much recent speciation research has focused on the processes and mechanisms involved in the evolution of reproductive isolation barriers (Coyne & Orr, 2004). The molecular basis of these isolating barriers was known in only a few instances at the time of the Plant Speciation New Phytologist Symposium held in 2003 (Rieseberg & Wendel, 2004). However, the last decade has witnessed major advances to current knowledge on this and other aspects of plant speciation research as was made clear at the recent European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) workshop 'Mechanisms of plant speciation' held in 2015 at Åkersberga, Sweden. Many of the presentations at the EMBO workshop demonstrated the game-changing effects that genome sequencing and genetic analysis, together with the emergence of new promising study systems (Zuellig et al., 2014), are having on our understanding of the genetics of barriers to gene flow between species (reviewed in Baack et al., 2015). For instance, the genetic architectures of traits such as flowering time and flower color (contributing to prepollination barriers) have been resolved in several plant species (Sheehan et al., 2012) and in some cases shown to be involved in the reinforcement of barriers to prevent production of low fitness hybrids (Hopkins, 2013). Similarly, evidence is accumulating on the genetics of Dobzhansky–Muller incompatibilities (contributing to postzygotic barriers), of loci underlying adaptation to environmental heterogeneity with or without chromosomal rearrangement (Ågren et al., 2013; Oneal et al., 2014), and that tight linkage of multiple functional genes can underlie speciation, as illustrated by the supergene architecture of pollination syndromes in Petunia species (Hermann et al., 2013). In addition to gathering support for well-known speciation mechanisms, the presentations at the EMBO workshop emphasized the potential role of other mechanisms, such as epigenetics, in driving speciation. Later, we highlight some of the research that was presented at the workshop and consider its effects on existing paradigms of plant speciation. The role of sexual selection as a selective force in plant speciation is still controversial, in contrast to the situation in animals (Moore & Pannell, 2011). The processes involved in the two major components of sexual selection, that is, intrasexual competition and female choice for males, were poorly understood in plants until the last decade. This was the case even though pollen was recognized to be often far more abundant than the ovules produced by a species, thus creating the conditions (i.e. a strongly biased sex ratio towards males) for intrasexual competition of pollen for ovules. In addition, there is species-dependent variation in ovule number per flower (Burd et al., 2009) and consequently, this variation could correlate with variation in sexual selection. As in animals, a high level of sexual selection in plants should speed up the evolution of traits influencing mating success, and often as a consequence, the evolution of traits responsible for pre- and post-mating hybridization barriers between species. Loren Rieseberg (University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada) presented results on ovule number and F1 hybrid seed set in several taxa, and showed that a lower number of ovules (higher sexual selection) correlated with higher cross incompatibility between related species (D. Ortiz-Barientos, D. Ebert, R. Andrew, C. Fitzpatrick, R. Godfrey, K. Ostevik & L. H. Rieseberg, unpublished data). These findings, therefore, strongly support the hypothesis that sexual selection is tightly linked to interspecific barriers in plants and likely to be of high importance in plant speciation. Rieseberg further emphasized that sexual selection might play a role in reinforcement during sympatric speciation. Another aspect of sexual selection concerns female choice for males. Recent research has shown that ovules attract pollen by producing and secreting short peptides, and that this attraction can be selective (Takeuchi & Higashiyama, 2012). Under the concept of female choice, it is expected that species subject to different levels of sexual selection such as self-incompatible (higher sexual selection) and self-compatible (lower sexual selection) species should differ in the selectiveness of their ovules towards male gametes (pollen). Consistent with this hypothesis, Leonie Moyle (Indiana University, USA) presented work showing that ovules from self-incompatible Solanum species were more selective, attracting less heterospecific pollen, compared to ovules from self-compatible Solanum species. When crossing self-compatible and self-incompatible Solanum species, this resulted in unilateral fertilization. These data support the idea that sexual selection drives the establishment of interspecific reproductive barriers, which can lead to unidirectional gene flow between species. Pollen competition not only occurs to increase mating success but also to increase access to maternal resources, as explained by the parental conflict theory (Haig, 2004). The endosperm is the battleground for this conflict of parental interests, enforcing parent-of-origin specific gene expression (genomic imprinting, see later). Such parental conflict is expected to be greater in species experiencing stronger sexual selection, for example, in self-incompatible species vs self-compatible ones. As a consequence, in a cross between a self-incompatible and self-compatible species, the former is expected to 'overpower' the latter, leading to direction-dependent endosperm defects in the hybrid seed, as formulated in the weak inbreeder/strong outbreeder hypothesis (Brandvain & Haig, 2005). Claudia Köhler and colleagues (Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala, Sweden) tested this hypothesis by investigating the presence of nonreciprocal postzygotic barriers affecting hybrid seed survival between the outbreeder Capsella grandiflora and the inbreeder C. rubella (Rebernig et al., 2015). They reported that high hybrid seed lethality was cross direction-dependent, due to endosperm defects, and mimicked the phenotypic and transcriptomic responses of interploidy hybrid seeds, a case where the parent of higher ploidy 'overpowers' the one of lower ploidy. In accordance with this view, Ana Marcela Florez Rueda (ETH Zurich, Switzerland) reported that cross direction-dependent defects of hybrid seeds between Solanum species were related to the disruption of imprinting in a majority of genes. To what extent genomic imprinting and other types of genomic conflicts are involved in hybridization barriers between inbreeders and outbreeders is an exciting question that remains to be addressed. Intragenomic conflicts, whereby DNA sequences with divergent fitness interests show antagonistic interactions, likely also contribute to the build-up of reproductive isolation. Christian Parisod (University of Neuchatel, Switzerland) illustrated how selfish transposons having diverged between species show massive, asymmetrical genetic and epigenetic changes when merged in hybrids of wild wheats (Senerchia et al., 2015). Repeated DNA loss and epigenetic changes around interspersed transposons in F1 and later generation hybrids indicate that early silencing of conflicting loci is likely necessary to circumvent transposon activation that would otherwise result in hybrid seed defects through mutation and/or epigenetic repatterning affecting nearby genes (Lafon-Placette & Köhler, 2015). As discussed by Luca Comai (University of California, Davis, CA, USA), divergence in CENH3 histones between different species is associated with chromosome elimination in hybrids (Tan et al., 2015), offering additional support for incompatibilities related to epigenetics. To what extent the cascade of genetic and epigenetic changes related to early-acting genomic conflicts contribute to the earlier-discussed allele-specific expression patterns in interspecies/interploidy hybrid seeds remains an open question, but it appears that they may represent overlooked actors driving speciation. While one of the earliest described cases of hybrid necrosis is between two Crepis species (Hollingshead, 1930), the phenomenon of hybrid necrosis and its role in plant speciation had received very little attention until recently. A major advance on this topic occurred when the phenomenon was described in Arabidopsis thaliana and the genetic basis underlying this Dobzhansky–Muller-type incompatibility was revealed (Bomblies et al., 2007). Hybrid necrosis resembles an autoimmune response and is triggered by the deleterious epistasis between naturally occurring alleles at two unlinked loci, one of them being a NB-LRR disease resistance gene. Detlef Weigel (Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology, Tübingen, Germany) presented impressive work revealing that one cluster of NLR disease resistance genes was responsible for more than half of the nearly 150 inter-accession hybrid incompatibility cases observed (Chae et al., 2014). This disease resistance gene cluster is highly variable and shows signs of diversifying selection, leading the authors to propose that hybrid incompatibility observed between Arabidopsis accessions could be shaped by the selective pressure related to host–pathogen coevolution. As Weigel pointed out, deleterious interactions of disease resistance genes could limit the possible combinations of favorable allele combinations present in plant genomes. A similar hybrid incompatibility, involving the interaction between two loci containing disease resistance genes, was reported by Michael Lenhard (University of Potsdam, Germany) to occur between the sister species C. rubella and C. grandiflora (Sicard et al., 2015). Interestingly, both compatible and incompatible alleles for one of the loci are maintained at high frequency by balancing selection in C. grandiflora. Similarly, data presented by Daniel Koenig (Max Planck Institute for Developmental Biology) showed that in the inbreeding species C. rubella and C. orientalis, which have extremely low genetic diversity, ancestral polymorphisms of disease resistance genes have been maintained by means of balancing selection (D. Koenig, S. I. Wright, B. Neuffer, T. Slotte, R. Li, J. Hagmann & D. Weigel, unpublished data). Balancing or diversifying selection on disease resistance genes as a result of the selective pressure related to the host–pathogen conflict could drive the evolution of reproductive barriers through lineage sorting of alternative alleles. Nevertheless, if maintenance of the ancestral polymorphism is important to cope with pathogen selection pressure, the question of how a lineage with fixed alleles responds to this pressure remains to be addressed. An extension of this research to species outside the Brassicaceae family should offer exciting insights of substantial impact. Polyploidization through whole genome duplication is a major feature of the evolutionary history of flowering plants (Soltis et al., 2014). It may result from genome duplication within a species (autopolyploidy) or of a hybrid formed between species (allopolyploidy), usually as a consequence of unreduced gamete formation (i.e. gametes with the same chromosome number as somatic cells). Both genetic and environmental effects can influence unreduced gamete formation, and Nico de Storme (Ghent University, Belgium) pointed out that during plant evolution there may have been a causal connection between marked changes in temperature and polyploidization events. He reported that in A. thaliana acute exposure to either high or low temperatures increased formation of unreduced pollen grains (De Storme & Geelen, 2014). Genetic and environmental factors also affect the stability of meiosis in polyploids and their diploid progenitors (Bomblies et al., 2015). Using genome scans, Yant et al. (2013) have identified multiple genes involved in the control of crossing over in autotetraploid Arabidopsis arenosa that were likely targets of selection for the stabilization of meiosis following whole genome duplication. Interestingly, the appropriate alleles for some of these genes occur at low frequency in diploid populations of the same species and, consequently, an absence of such standing variation in diploid ancestral populations might be a factor preventing autopolyploids establishing in some species. From further research, Kirsten Bomblies (John Innes Centre, Norwich, UK) reported differences in the stability of synapsis among diploid strains of A. arenosa from different habitats with two core meiotic proteins (axis/cohesion proteins) showing evidence of having undergone selection. She and her colleagues found that different alleles for the same proteins are subject to selection after polyploidy. Their current hypothesis is that both polyploidy and environmental changes (mainly temperature) affect core meiotic functions, causing alleles that favor a stable meiosis to be selected. In some plant groups polyploidy is associated with asexual reproduction through apomixis, which removes the need for a stable meiosis. However, a complicating factor can be pseudogamy, that is, the requirement of pollination for seed set to occur. Simon Hiscock (University of Oxford, UK) and colleagues found this to be the case in Sorbus (whitebeams). Working with material from the Avon Gorge in the UK, a major hotspot of Sorbus diversity, they established that triploid taxa are facultatively apomictic and pseudogamous, and surprisingly also self-incompatible. Seeds are produced only after pollination by other Sorbus taxa, and because apomixis is facultative this can lead to the generation of new hybrids and further genetic diversification. Studies of very recently formed polyploid species provide insights into the early stages of speciation. Mario Vallejo-Marín (University of Stirling, UK) reported on the young allopolyploid species Mimulus peregrinus which evolved from the triploid sterile hybrid between diploid (M. guttatus) and tetraploid (M. luteus) taxa that were introduced into the British Isles in the nineteenth century (Vallejo-Marín et al., 2015). Despite its recent origin, M. peregrinus has formed at least twice, and its genome seems to be undergoing changes including the potential loss of small genomic regions (Vallejo-Marín et al., 2015), as reported in other recent polyploid systems (Hegarty et al., 2006; Buggs et al., 2012). The discovery of a young allopolyploid species in Mimulus is particularly exciting, as this genus combines a long history of evolutionary and speciation research, with rapidly developing genomic tools, including the whole genome sequence of the parental taxon M. guttatus (Wu et al., 2007). Mimulus thus adds to the short list of powerful systems for the study of polyploid speciation. A major question in polyploid speciation is the extent to which genome duplication facilitates the evolution of ecological and phenotypic novelty (Abbott et al., 2013). Pamela Soltis (University of Florida, Gainesville, FL, USA) discussed the role of allopolyploidization in generating such novelty in the recently formed allotetraploid Tragopogon (goatsbeard) species, T. mirus and T. miscellus. These neopolyploids show extensive evidence of nonadditive gene expression and genome restructuring (Buggs et al., 2012; Chester et al., 2012) as well as additive and transgressive phenotypic variation relative to their diploid parents. The extent to which novel phenotypes enable allotetraploids to colonize new niches is uncertain, but Soltis and colleagues used ecological niche modeling to report that the niche of Tragopogon polyploids does not entirely overlap those of their parents. Brian Husband (Guelph University, ON, Canada) further showed from a large-scale analysis of diploid, natural tetraploids, and artificially synthesized neotetraploid cytotypes of A. thaliana that the effect of genome duplication on phenotype, including fertility, is dependent on genetic background (i.e. the particular 2x accession used to generate the neotetraploid), which complicates the assessment of effects of polyploidy on phenotypic divergence. The consequences of polyploidization at the macroevolutionary level in plants remains controversial and a better appraisal of speciation vs extinction in polyploids depends on the availability of accurate phylogenetic information and large-scale data bases of phenotypic and ecological information. Itay Mayrose (University of Tel Aviv, Israel) reported on his group's efforts to create a community resource that combines chromosome counts and phylogenetic information across plants (Rice et al., 2015). This ongoing effort will be of great value for elucidating the effect of polyploidization on diversification. The last decade has not seen dramatic changes in paradigms of plant speciation, although it is becoming clear that the role of hybridization between genetically differentiated taxa as a promoter rather than an inhibitor of reproductive isolation deserves further attention (Abbott et al., 2013). Of particular importance is that recent technological advances are allowing identification of the genetic targets of selection, natural or sexual, that drive the establishment of reproductive barriers between species. It is now realized that the architecture of speciation loci may be more variable than previously anticipated, as exemplified by cases of interspersed or supergene-like incompatible loci (Fig. 1). It is also apparent that higher level and more complex speciation patterns occur, with similar drivers and genetic mechanisms involved across taxa, such as hybrid necrosis. In addition, it is evident that an understanding of epigenetic processes provides a mechanistic basis for old concepts such as genome shock, parental conflict, or chromosome deletion. Although the origin of reproductive barriers may often remain elusive, the ongoing sequencing revolution will likely foster the accumulation of new insights at a fast pace. Thus, we can envision that the synthesis of complementary studies emphasizing processes underlying early speciation with the comparative genomics of 'good species' (i.e. the magnifying glass vs spyglass approaches of Via, 2009) will generate a deeper understanding of the biology of plant speciation over the coming years. The authors thank all participants of the workshop for valuable discussions and contributions. The authors apologize for studies not discussed here in detail due to space constraints. The workshop was financially supported by EMBO, the Swedish Research Councils (VR and Formas), New Phytologist Trust, the Scandinavian Society of Plant Physiology, and the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(7/38)
TITLE: Carbon resource richness shapes bacterial competitive interactions by alleviating growth‐antibiosis trade‐off
ABSTRACT: Abstract Antibiosis and resource competition are major drivers shaping the assembly, diversity and functioning of microbial communities. While it is recognized that competition is sensitive to environmental conditions, it is unclear to what extent this mediated by the availability of different carbon resources. Here, we used a model laboratory system to directly test this by exploring how carbon resource richness and identity shape resource competition and antibiosis between plant probiotic Bacillus amyloliquefaciens and phytopathogenic Ralstonia solanacearum bacteria. We found that while sugars typically promoted B. amyloliquefaciens growth, organic and amino acids increased the production of both bacillaene and macrolactin antibiotics and the direct inhibition of R. solanacearum. In contrast, when multiple different carbon resources were available, B. amyloliquefaciens could efficiently grow and produce antibiotics at the same time. Together, these results suggest that high carbon resource richness allows concurrent expression of growth‐ and antibiosis‐related traits, potentially altering bacterial competitive dynamics and plant growth promotion in microbial communities. A plain language summary is available for this article.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(8/38)
TITLE: Functional Organization of MIR2, a Novel Viral Regulator of Selective Endocytosis
ABSTRACT: Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus encodes two related proteins, MIR1 and MIR2, that lead to reduction of the cell surface levels of major histocompatibility complex class I and other polypeptides involved in immune recognition. MIR1 and MIR2 do not affect the assembly or transport of their target proteins through the secretory pathway; rather, they act to enhance the selective endocytosis of target chains from the cell surface. Sequence inspection reveals that the modulator of immune recognition (MIR) proteins contain an NH2-terminal zinc finger of the plant homeodomain (PHD) subfamily, two transmembrane (TM) domains, and a C-terminal conserved region (CR). Here we examine the transmembrane topology and functional organization of MIR2. Both the PHD domain and the CR are disposed cytosolically and are essential for MIR-mediated endocytosis. MIR proteins form homo-oligomers; this activity is independent of the PHD and CR elements and maps instead to the TM regions. Analysis of chimeras between MIR1 and MIR2 reveals that the TM regions also mediate target selectivity. Mutations that ablate the PHD or CR regions generate dominant negative phenotypes for major histocompatibility complex class I endocytosis. These findings suggest a domain organization for the MIR proteins, with the TM regions involved in target selection and the cytosolic PHD and CR domains involved in the possible recruitment of cellular machinery that directly or indirectly regulates internalization of target molecules. Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus encodes two related proteins, MIR1 and MIR2, that lead to reduction of the cell surface levels of major histocompatibility complex class I and other polypeptides involved in immune recognition. MIR1 and MIR2 do not affect the assembly or transport of their target proteins through the secretory pathway; rather, they act to enhance the selective endocytosis of target chains from the cell surface. Sequence inspection reveals that the modulator of immune recognition (MIR) proteins contain an NH2-terminal zinc finger of the plant homeodomain (PHD) subfamily, two transmembrane (TM) domains, and a C-terminal conserved region (CR). Here we examine the transmembrane topology and functional organization of MIR2. Both the PHD domain and the CR are disposed cytosolically and are essential for MIR-mediated endocytosis. MIR proteins form homo-oligomers; this activity is independent of the PHD and CR elements and maps instead to the TM regions. Analysis of chimeras between MIR1 and MIR2 reveals that the TM regions also mediate target selectivity. Mutations that ablate the PHD or CR regions generate dominant negative phenotypes for major histocompatibility complex class I endocytosis. These findings suggest a domain organization for the MIR proteins, with the TM regions involved in target selection and the cytosolic PHD and CR domains involved in the possible recruitment of cellular machinery that directly or indirectly regulates internalization of target molecules. Herpesviruses are a family of large DNA viruses that are able to induce a persistent (usually lifelong) infection. To facilitate the production of such long term infections, herpesviruses have evolved multiple strategies to evade immune detection. Most commonly, this is achieved by interrupting the synthesis, assembly, or function of major histocompatibility complex class I (MHC-I) 1MHCmajor histocompatibility complexERendoplasmic reticulumICAMintracellular adhesion moleculeMIRmodulator of immune recognitionPHDplant homeodomainTMtransmembraneCRconserved regionFITCfluorescein isothiocyanateFACSfluorescence-activated cell sortingGFPgreen fluorescent proteinEGFPenhanced GFPHRPhorseradish peroxidaseHAhemagglutininPBSphosphate-buffered salinePipes1,4-piperazinediethanesulfonic acidBSAbovine serum albuminAPCallophycocyanin 1MHCmajor histocompatibility complexERendoplasmic reticulumICAMintracellular adhesion moleculeMIRmodulator of immune recognitionPHDplant homeodomainTMtransmembraneCRconserved regionFITCfluorescein isothiocyanateFACSfluorescence-activated cell sortingGFPgreen fluorescent proteinEGFPenhanced GFPHRPhorseradish peroxidaseHAhemagglutininPBSphosphate-buffered salinePipes1,4-piperazinediethanesulfonic acidBSAbovine serum albuminAPCallophycocyanin molecules, key proteins involved in the recognition of infected cells by cytotoxic T lymphocytes (1Whitby D. Boshoff C. Curr. Opin. Oncol. 1998; 10: 405-412Crossref PubMed Scopus (42) Google Scholar, 2Ganem D. Cell. 1997; 91: 157-160Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (196) Google Scholar). Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (also known as human herpesvirus 8) is the etiologic agent of Kaposi's sarcoma and several other AIDS-related proliferative disorders (1Whitby D. Boshoff C. Curr. Opin. Oncol. 1998; 10: 405-412Crossref PubMed Scopus (42) Google Scholar, 2Ganem D. Cell. 1997; 91: 157-160Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (196) Google Scholar). We (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar) and others (4Haque M. Ueda K. Nakano K. Hirata Y. Parravicini C. Corbellino M. Yamanishi K. J. Gen. Virol. 2001; 82: 1175-1180Crossref PubMed Scopus (63) Google Scholar, 5Ishido S. Wang C. Lee B.S. Cohen G.B. Jung J.U. J. Virol. 2000; 74: 5300-5309Crossref PubMed Scopus (378) Google Scholar, 6Stevenson P.G. Efstathiou S. Doherty P.C. Lehner P.J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8455-8460Crossref PubMed Scopus (193) Google Scholar) have shown that Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus possesses two genes, K3 and K5, that encode protein products termed MIR1 and MIR2, respectively (for modulator of immune recognition). MIR1 and MIR2 are homologous proteins that are localized predominantly in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and lead to reduction of the levels of MHC-I chains present at the cell surface (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar). Despite their predominantly ER localization, MIR1 and MIR2 do not affect the assembly, glycosylation, or transport of MHC-I chains in that organelle. Rather, they act to enhance the endocytosis of MHC-I chains from the cell surface, with the endocytosed chains subsequently targeted to the lysosome for proteolytic destruction (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar). major histocompatibility complex endoplasmic reticulum intracellular adhesion molecule modulator of immune recognition plant homeodomain transmembrane conserved region fluorescein isothiocyanate fluorescence-activated cell sorting green fluorescent protein enhanced GFP horseradish peroxidase hemagglutinin phosphate-buffered saline 1,4-piperazinediethanesulfonic acid bovine serum albumin allophycocyanin major histocompatibility complex endoplasmic reticulum intracellular adhesion molecule modulator of immune recognition plant homeodomain transmembrane conserved region fluorescein isothiocyanate fluorescence-activated cell sorting green fluorescent protein enhanced GFP horseradish peroxidase hemagglutinin phosphate-buffered saline 1,4-piperazinediethanesulfonic acid bovine serum albumin allophycocyanin This enhanced endocytosis of MHC-I does not reflect a generalized induction of endocytosis, since many other surface proteins known to undergo internalization, including the transferrin receptor and MHC class II molecules, are unaffected by the MIR proteins (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar). However, MHC-I is not the sole target of the MIR protein family. Two other molecules involved in immune recognition can be down-regulated by MIR2 expression: B7.2, a cell surface protein involved in helper T cell activation (costimulation), and intracellular adhesion protein-1 (ICAM-1), an adhesion protein important for the formation of the immunological synapse (7Coscoy L. Ganem D. J. Clin. Invest. 2001; 107: 1599-1606Crossref PubMed Scopus (203) Google Scholar, 8Ishido S. Choi J.K. Lee B.S. Wang C. DeMaria M. Johnson R.P. Cohen G.B. Jung J.U. Immunity. 2000; 13: 365-374Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (224) Google Scholar). Interestingly, neither of these two proteins is targeted by MIR1, indicating that there has been functional specialization of the MIRs during Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus evolution. Although the overall fate of the target surface immunoregulatory proteins is clear, our understanding of the molecular mechanisms by which MIR1 and MIR2 target these chains and mediate their endocytosis remains fragmentary. Analysis of the primary amino acid sequence of the MIR proteins shows that they contain a zinc finger domain of the plant homeodomain (PHD) subfamily at their amino terminus, along with two transmembrane (TM) domains near the center of the proteins (see Fig.1 A). Distal to TM domain II is a short sequence (termed the conserved region (CR)) that is also highly conserved between MIR1 and MIR2. PHD family zinc fingers, also known as leukemia-associated protein zinc fingers (9Linder B. Newman R. Jones L.K. Debernardi S. Young B.D. Freemont P. Verrijzer C.P. Saha V. J. Mol. Biol. 2000; 299: 369-378Crossref PubMed Scopus (62) Google Scholar), have been implicated in protein-protein interactions (9Linder B. Newman R. Jones L.K. Debernardi S. Young B.D. Freemont P. Verrijzer C.P. Saha V. J. Mol. Biol. 2000; 299: 369-378Crossref PubMed Scopus (62) Google Scholar, 10Yochum G.S. Ayer D.E. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2001; 21: 4110-4118Crossref PubMed Scopus (76) Google Scholar, 11Pascual J. Martinez-Yamout M. Dyson H.J. Wright P.E. J. Mol. Biol. 2000; 304: 723-729Crossref PubMed Scopus (126) Google Scholar) and are structurally similar to RING fingers (12Capili A.D. Schultz D.C. Rauscher I.F. Borden K.L. EMBO J. 2001; 20: 165-177Crossref PubMed Scopus (164) Google Scholar). Mutations in the zinc finger region abrogate MIR function (8Ishido S. Choi J.K. Lee B.S. Wang C. DeMaria M. Johnson R.P. Cohen G.B. Jung J.U. Immunity. 2000; 13: 365-374Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (224) Google Scholar), but beyond this, little is known of structure-function relationships in the protein. To gain a better understanding of which regions of the MIR proteins are important for function, we have examined the transmembrane topology and functional organization of MIR2. These studies show that the transmembrane domains of the protein play a key role in determining the target specificity of the protein. The PHD and CR elements are also critical for function, and mutations targeted to these regions result in dominant negative inhibitors of MIR2 action. These findings suggest a domain organization for the MIR proteins, with its TM regions involved in target selection and the cytosolic PHD and CR domains involved in the possible recruitment of cellular machinery that could directly or indirectly regulate internalization of target molecules. CV-1, Phoenix, and 293T cells were grown in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium (DME-H21), and BJAB lymphoma cells were grown in RPMI medium 1640. All media were supplemented with 10% (v/v) fetal calf serum and penicillin/streptomycin. Transfections of CV-1 and Phoenix cells were performed using Fugene6 (Roche Molecular Biochemicals) according to the manufacturer's suggested protocol. BJAB cells were transfected by electroporation (250 V, 950 microfarads) of 20 μg of plasmid DNA into 107 cells in 0.5 ml of serum-free medium (13Lagunoff M. Lukac D.M. Ganem D. J. Virol. 2001; 75: 5891-5898Crossref PubMed Scopus (70) Google Scholar). The cells were then transferred to complete RPMI, which was preincubated to 37 °C. The transfection efficiency of BJAB cells was routinely 30–50% under these conditions. For immunofluorescence analysis, mouse anti-FLAG (Sigma) was used at a concentration of 20 μg/ml and rabbit anti-HA (Sigma) was used at a dilution of 1:50. Sheep anti-mouse IgG conjugated to FITC (Sigma) and donkey anti-rabbit IgG conjugated to Texas Red (Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc., Santa Cruz, CA) were used at a concentration of 4 μg/ml. For FACS analysis, mouse anti-HLA class I (APC-conjugated or FITC-conjugated; Caltag Laboratories) and mouse anti-B7.2 (phycoerythrin-conjugated; Caltag Laboratories) were used at a dilution of 1:300. Western blotting used mouse anti-FLAG M2 (Sigma) at a dilution of 1:400, mouse anti-GFP (Molecular Probes, Inc., Eugene, OR) at a dilution of 1:300 or rabbit anti-HA (Sigma) at a dilution of 1:256 or mouse anti-GFP. Secondary antibodies for Western blots were HRP-conjugated goat anti-mouse Ig and donkey anti-rabbit (Santa Cruz Biotechnology) that were both used at dilutions of 1:1500. All constructs were made by PCR amplification of MIR1, MIR2, or EGFP. Chimeric fusions between EGFP and MIR2 truncation or MIR1 and MIR2 were made by amplification of overlapping PCR fragments. All expression constructs were introduced into the BamHI and NotI site of pCR3.1 (Invitrogen). The amino FLAG-tagged/internal HA-tagged version (see Fig. 2 A) of the MIR2 gene was subcloned from pCR3.1-FLAG-MIR2-HA vector into pBMN-ZIN (kindly provided by G. Nolan, Stanford University). This retroviral vector permits the expression of pCR3.1-FLAG-MIR2-HA and the neomycin resistance gene from a single bicistronic mRNA. Upon transfection with the retroviral vectors (pBMN), the Phoenix packaging cell line produces replication-defective viral particles that can be used to stably transduce CV-1 cells. Phoenix cells were transfected, and the virus-containing supernatant was harvested 48 h after the transfection, filtered through a 0.45-μm filter, and diluted with Polybrene (4 μg/ml final dilution). CV-1 cells (in six-well dishes) were infected by spin infection (800 × g for 2 h at 20 °C) using 2 ml of viral supernatant. Selection of transduced CV-1 was started 36 h after infection by adding 1.5 mg/ml of G418. Cells grown on coverslips were washed with PBS, fixed with 4% paraformaldehyde in PBS for 10 min at room temperature, and washed again with PBS. For selective permeabilization of the plasma membrane, cells were incubated in 5 μg/ml of digitonin (Sigma) in digitonin buffer (0.3 m sucrose, 2.5 mmMgCl2, 0.1 m KCl, 1 mm EDTA, 10 mm Pipes at pH 6.8) for 5 min on ice. Complete permeabilization was achieved by incubating cells in 0.2% saponin (Sigma) in PBS plus 1% BSA for 40 s at room temperature as previously described (14Mziaut H. Korza G. Hand A.R. Gerard C. Ozols J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 14122-14129Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (35) Google Scholar). All subsequent incubations of the completely permeabilized samples were carried out in the presence of 0.2% saponin. Cells were then washed with PBS and incubated in PBS plus 1% BSA to block nonspecific binding. Cells were then incubated with primary antibodies diluted in PBS plus 1% BSA, washed with PBS, and incubated in secondary antibodies diluted in PBS plus 1% BSA. After extensive washing, the cells were mounted onto glass slides with VectaShield (Vector Laboratories) and analyzed by using a Leica fluorescent microscope using appropriate filters. As a negative control, cells not exposed to either detergent displayed only background levels of staining with FLAG or HA antibodies (not shown). When cells were exposed to either digitonin or saponin under the above conditions, over 90% of cells examined were stained by anti-FLAG antibody, indicating efficient detergent action. 10-cm dishes of 293T cells were transfected by Fugene6 with 6 μg of pCR3.1-FLAG-MIR2 or pCR3.1-HA-MIR2 and 6 μg of pCR3.1. In parallel, another dish was transfected with 6 μg of each of the tagged versions of MIR2. 48 h posttransfection, the medium was removed, and the plates were washed with PBS that was preincubated to 4 °C. Radioimmune precipitation buffer (PBS with 1% Igepal (Sigma), 0.5% deoxycholic acid sodium salt (Sigma), and 0.1% SDS) was added to the plate, the cells were scraped from the dishes, and protein lysates were made by passing through a 21-gauge needle. The lysates were cleared of debris by centrifuging in a microcentrifuge at 4 °C for 10 min; split in half; and incubated with either mouse anti-FLAG M2 antibody, mouse anti-GFP, or rabbit anti-HA antibody. The antibody-bound proteins were then incubated with protein A/G+-agarose beads (Santa Cruz Biotechnology) to immunoprecipitate the antibody-bound tagged versions of MIR2. Immunoprecipitated proteins were separated on a 4–20% polyacrylamide gel; transferred to nitrocellulose; and Western blotted with either mouse anti-FLAG M2, mouse anti-HA, or mouse anti-GFP and then incubated with goat-anti mouse Ig HRP and visualized with Luminol (Santa Cruz Biotechnology). Cells were washed in 1% PBS plus BSA and incubated with specific mAbs (1 μg/106 cell) for 60 min at 4 °C. Cell surface fluorescence was analyzed with a Becton Dickinson FACScalibur (Becton Dickinson, San Jose, CA), and cell populations were analyzed with CELLQuest (Becton Dickinson). 293T cells in six-well dishes were transfected with 2 μg of vector alone or 0.5 μg of pCR3.1-MIR2-EGFP and either 1.75 μg of pCR3.1 vector or pCR3.1-FLAG-MIR2-ΔPHD. After 36 h, the cells were removed from their dishes by using cell dissociation buffer (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer's instructions. The cells were washed with PBS, incubated in mouse anti-HLA (APC-conjugated; Caltag Laboratories) in PBS plus 1% BSA at a dilution of 1:300 for 1 h, and washed twice with PBS. Cell surface fluorescence was analyzed with a Becton Dickinson FACScalibur. In Figs. 5 and 6, the FACS analysis was gated on EGFP-positive (i.e. transfected) cells, and the level of MHC class I on the surface of such cells was quantified.Figure 6A C-terminal truncation of MIR2 has a dominant negative phenotype. 293T cells were transfected with pCR3.1 (four times), pCR3.1-MIR2 (FLAG-tagged) (one time) (A) or pCR3.1-MIR2 (FLAG-tagged) (one time) and pCR3.1-MIR2 ΔC1 (four times) (B). After 36 h, cells were stained with mouse anti-HLA class I conjugated to APC and analyzed by flow cytometry using a Becton Dickinson FACSCalibur. FLAG-positive cells were gated, and the levels of HLA class I on the cell surface were measured.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) MIR2 contains no recognizable signal sequence in its primary amino acid sequence, but the protein is predicted to contain two transmembrane domains. To determine the transmembrane topology of the MIR2 protein, we employed a recently described system involving selective permeabilization-based immunofluorescence (14Mziaut H. Korza G. Hand A.R. Gerard C. Ozols J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 14122-14129Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (35) Google Scholar, 15Lin S. Cheng D. Liu M.S. Chen J. Chang T.Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 23276-23285Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (76) Google Scholar). As shown in Fig. 1 B, a form of MIR2 was constructed in which a FLAG epitope tag was placed at the amino terminus of the molecule and an HA tag was placed between the two transmembrane domains. This doubly tagged protein is fully functional for B7.2 and ICAM-1 down-regulation (data not shown). CV-1 cells were stably transduced with a retroviral vector encoding this version of MIR2. These cells were fixed and subjected to permeabilization with either (i) digitonin, which selectively permeabilizes the plasma membrane but leaves the ER membrane intact, or (ii) saponin, which under these conditions permeabilizes both the plasma membrane and the internal membranes of the cell (16Schultz D.C. Friedman J.R. Rauscher III, F.J. Genes Dev. 2001; 15: 428-443Crossref PubMed Scopus (403) Google Scholar, 17Hill A. Jugovic P. York I. Russ G. Bennink J. Yewdell J. Ploegh H. Johnson D. Nature. 1995; 375: 411-415Crossref PubMed Scopus (735) Google Scholar). Following detergent treatment, cells were stained for the FLAG tag (detected by FITC-conjugated second antibody) or the HA tag (stained with Texas Red-conjugated second antibody). Digitonin permeabilization allows immunofluorescent tagging of only the FLAG tag (Fig. 1 C) and not the HA tag (Fig.1 D), suggesting that the amino terminus of MIR2 is in the cytosol while the intermembranous loop is in the lumen. This is confirmed by permeabilization with saponin (Fig. 1, E andF), which allows immunofluorescent staining of both of the tags. This orientation disposes the zinc finger/PHD domain on the cytoplasmic face of the membrane (Fig. 1 G). Since PHD domains are known to mediate protein-protein interactions (9Linder B. Newman R. Jones L.K. Debernardi S. Young B.D. Freemont P. Verrijzer C.P. Saha V. J. Mol. Biol. 2000; 299: 369-378Crossref PubMed Scopus (62) Google Scholar, 10Yochum G.S. Ayer D.E. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2001; 21: 4110-4118Crossref PubMed Scopus (76) Google Scholar, 16Schultz D.C. Friedman J.R. Rauscher III, F.J. Genes Dev. 2001; 15: 428-443Crossref PubMed Scopus (403) Google Scholar), this would place it in a context where it could be available for interactions with cytosolic constituents. Similar studies with a C-terminal tagged version of MIR2 show that the C terminus is also in the cytoplasm (not shown). Western blotting of MIR2 in whole cell lysates often shows high molecular weight bands (Fig.2 A), raising the possibility that MIR2 may form homo- or hetero-oligomeric structures. To test if MIR2 can homo-oligomerize, the protein was tagged with either a FLAG epitope or an HA epitope at its amino terminus. The tagged versions of MIR2 were transfected alone (Fig. 2, A and B,lanes 1 and 2) or together (Fig.2 B, lane 3) into 293T cells, and cell lysates were prepared. Fig. 2 A shows that both HA- and FLAG-tagged MIR2 display high molecular weight forms and that, as expected, there is no serologic cross-reaction between the HA and FLAG tags. Therefore, the high molecular weight forms are not the result of nonspecific antibody reactivity. As shown in lane 3 of Fig. 2 B, immunoprecipitation with anti-HA antibodies and Western blotting with anti-FLAG antibodies show that the differentially tagged versions of MIR2 can coimmunoprecipitate. This coprecipitation is dependent upon coexpression of the two proteins and indicates the formation of stable homo-oligomers. Similar findings have been made for MIR 1 (data not shown). A truncated form of MIR2 containing the two transmembrane regions and only a portion of the CR (Fig. 2 C) is able to specifically coimmunoprecipitate with full-length MIR2 (Fig. 2 D), showing that oligomerization probably happens by interactions within the transmembrane domain and/or intermembranous loop. To map regions of MIR2 that are important for its function, we generated a series of MIR2 truncations and examined their ability to down-regulate surface MHC-I and B7.2 (Fig.3 A). As outlined in the legend to Fig. 3, most of the truncations were expressed as MIR2-GFP fusion proteins. (Wild-type MIR2 is fully functional when fused to GFP in this fashion (Fig.3 C). 2L. Coscoy, unpublished data. ) Following transfection, the FACS analysis was gated on transfected (e.g. GFP-positive) cells, whose surface MHC-I and B7.2 levels were then examined. All truncations were stably expressed as judged by immunofluorescence analysis and flow cytometry (not shown). As expected from previous results (8Ishido S. Choi J.K. Lee B.S. Wang C. DeMaria M. Johnson R.P. Cohen G.B. Jung J.U. Immunity. 2000; 13: 365-374Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (224) Google Scholar), a deletion of the amino terminus to the first transmembrane region (thereby removing the PHD zinc finger) abrogates the ability of MIR2 to down-regulate either MHC class I or B7.2 from the cell surface (Fig. 3 D). However, the PHD zinc finger by itself is not sufficient to induce the removal of target molecules from the cell surface (Fig. 3 E). Consistent with this, removal of the entire C-terminal cytosolic tail also destroys function, indicating that even a PHD zinc finger tethered to the membrane does not suffice to up-regulate endocytosis (Fig.3 F). This is despite the fact that it is stably expressed and accumulates in the ER as efficiently as WT MIR2 (not shown). However, the addition of a small portion of the downstream cytosolic tail encompassing the CR sequences restores full function for B7.2 down-regulation and partial function for MHC-I down-regulation (Fig.3 G). Thus, each cytosolic domain contains conserved sequences that are necessary, but not sufficient, for MIR function. To map regions of MIR responsible for determining the selection of its targets, we took advantage of the fact that MIR2 can down-regulate B7.2 and ICAM-1 as well as MHC-I, whereas MIR1 can only down-regulate MHC-I chains (7Coscoy L. Ganem D. J. Clin. Invest. 2001; 107: 1599-1606Crossref PubMed Scopus (203) Google Scholar, 8Ishido S. Choi J.K. Lee B.S. Wang C. DeMaria M. Johnson R.P. Cohen G.B. Jung J.U. Immunity. 2000; 13: 365-374Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (224) Google Scholar). To determine which regions of MIR2 account for its expanded target range, we constructed chimeras between these two highly related viral proteins (Fig.4 A) and analyzed the ability of the resulting chimeras to down-regulate surface MHC-I, B7.2, and ICAM-1 following transient transfection of BJAB cells (Fig.4 B). (Unlike in Fig. 3, the FACS analysis of Fig.4 B does not gate on the transfected cells; it displays the entire BJAB population, about 30–50% of which are transfected). A chimeric molecule that replaces the amino terminus of MIR2 with that of MIR1 does not affect the down-regulation of B7.2 (Fig. 4 B, construct I). Similarly, replacement of both the N- and C-terminal cytosolic domains of MIR2 with their cognate regions of MIR1 does not affect the target selectivity of the protein; like WT MIR2, this chimera also down-regulates both MHC-I and B7.2 (Fig. 4 B, construct III). Thus, this selectivity must reside in the TM domains and intermembranous loop of MIR2. As expected, the chimera encoded by construct II, which bears the TM and intermembranous regions of MIR1, has the target range of MIR1. Finally, replacement of the intermembranous loop of MIR2 with that of MIR1 has no impact on MIR2 function (data not shown), suggesting that it is the TM domains of MIR2 that account for its target selectivity. In all cases, the abilities of the chimeras to down-regulate B7.2 and ICAM-1 were inseparable (data not shown), so only the B7.2 data are depicted here. The above experiments establish that there are several domains of MIR2 that are required for the MIR2-mediated endocytosis of molecules from the cell surface; some of these affect target selectivity, whereas others affect functions common to all targets. In other multifunctional proteins, deletion of a single effector domain often generates dominant negative mutants. Such mutants can have many bases: formation of nonfunctional hetero-oligomers, competition for binding to an essential partner, etc. Accordingly, we sought to establish whether deletion of one domain of MIR2 might engender a dominant negative mutant. For this, we initially selected the MIR2 ΔPHD mutant (see Fig. 3 A), which lacks the NH2-terminal cytosolic domain (including the conserved PHD domain). Cells were cotransfected with a fixed quantity of WT MIR2 and either the empty vector or a vector expressing the ΔPHD mutant. As expected, wild-type MIR2 expression reduces the surface level of MHC class I when cotransfected with vector alone (Fig.5 A). When MIR2 was cotransfected with the MIR2 ΔPHD mutant, the surface level of MHC class I was restored to a level comparable with the vector-transfected controls (Fig. 5 B), indicating that MIR2 ΔPHD acts as a dominant negative mutant. As a specificity control, expression of MIR2 ΔPHD did not restore surface levels of MHC-I that had been reduced by cotransfection with a vector expressing the herpes simplex ICP47 protein (Fig. 5 C). ICP47 acts by inhibiting the TAP transporter, preventing the loading of assembling MHC-I chains with antigenic peptides and thereby blocking egress of MHC-I chains from the ER (17Hill A. Jugovic P. York I. Russ G. Bennink J. Yewdell J. Ploegh H. Johnson D. Nature. 1995; 375: 411-415Crossref PubMed Scopus (735) Google Scholar, 18Fruh K. Ahn K. Djaballah H. Sempe P. van Endert P.M. Tampe R. Peterson P.A. Yang Y. Nature. 1995; 375: 415-418Crossref PubMed Scopus (522) Google Scholar). These results indicate that the negative effects of the ΔPHD mutant are selective for MHC-I down-regulation mediated by MIR. Similar findings were made with mutant MIR2ΔC1, which lacks the C-terminal cytosolic region including the CR element (see Fig.3 A). As shown in Fig.6 A, WT MIR2 cotransfected with an empty expression vector produced the expected reduction in cell surface MHC-I chains. However, this reduction could be abrogated by coexpression of the MIR2ΔC1 mutant (Fig. 6 B). Thus, deletion of either the N- or C-terminal cytosolic tail of MIR2 generates mutants that can block the ability of the WT protein to regulate the selective endocytosis of its MHC-I protein target. These data establish that MIR2, a novel viral mediator of immune evasion, is an oligomeric, type III membrane protein with two transmembrane domains flanked by cytosolic regions at the N and C termini. Each cytosolic tail contains conserved sequences; the NH2-terminal region harbors a conserved zinc finger of the PHD subfamily, whereas the C-terminal tail contains a shorter CR of unknown function. Analysis of MIR1/MIR2 chimeras indicates that the transmembrane regions are the major determinants of target selectivity. We do not know whether one or both TM regions are required for this activity, nor do we yet understand the biochemical basis for target selection. The simplest model would be that the TM regions of MIR2 interact, directly or indirectly, with the TM domains of its target(s). Consistent with this idea, we and others (6Stevenson P.G. Efstathiou S. Doherty P.C. Lehner P.J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8455-8460Crossref PubMed Scopus (193) Google Scholar) have recently found that MIR2 can down-regulate human but not mouse MHC-I chains, and chimeras between human and mouse MHC-I implicate the TM domain of the target in conferral of MIR2 regulation (19Coscoy L. Sanchez D. Ganem D. J. Cell Biology. 2001; 155: 1265-1274Crossref PubMed Scopus (248) Google Scholar). However, more indirect models are also possible. This raises an interesting conundrum, since MIRs localize principally in the ER (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar, 5Ishido S. Wang C. Lee B.S. Cohen G.B. Jung J.U. J. Virol. 2000; 74: 5300-5309Crossref PubMed Scopus (378) Google Scholar, 20Haque M. Chen J. Ueda K. Mori Y. Nakano K. Hirata Y. Kanamori S. Uchiyama Y. Inagi R. Okuno T. Yamanishi K. J. Virol. 2000; 74: 2867-2875Crossref PubMed Scopus (67) Google Scholar) but their targets are endocytosed from the plasma membrane (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar). It is possible that the interaction between effector and target takes place in the ER, leading to "marking" of the target chains for later endocytosis. However, in an earlier study (3Coscoy L. Ganem D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 8051-8056Crossref PubMed Scopus (381) Google Scholar), we showed that MHC-I chains made in the absence of MIR proteins could be down-regulated following subsequent introduction of MIR expression vectors. If so, this would make "ER marking" an unlikely model. We think it more likely that a small fraction of MIR chains escape the ER and travel to the plasma membrane, where they can carry out their function. However, since flow cytometric and surface labeling experiments 3L. Coscoy and D. Ganem, unpublished observations. have been unable to reproducibly observe such chains above the background level, we estimate that putative surface MIR proteins would have to represent <5% of the total intracellular pool. Our analysis of deletion mutants and chimeras supports the notion that the MIR2 protein is composed of multiple domains, with the TM regions determining target selection and the cytosolic regions mediating other function(s) that are common to the endocytosis of all target proteins. Our experiments do not suffice to define the nature of these cytosolic function(s) but indicate that, whatever they may be, both cytosolic domains are required for their action. Deletion of cytosolic regions not only inactivates MIR2 function but, consistent with the aforementioned domain organization, creates dominant negative mutants. Since only the TM and intermembranous regions are required for oligomer formation, such phenotypes might result from the creation of mixed, nonfunctional oligomers with WT MIR2. Alternatively (or additionally), the mutants might act by titrating away a putative essential cellular cofactor required for either interaction with the substrate or downstream interactions of a putative MIR-substrate complex with the endocytic machinery. We are currently screening for host factors that might interact with these regions, using a variety of genetic and biochemical screens. Given the remarkable selectivity of MIR-regulated endocytosis, delineation of the pathways that are engaged by MIR proteins can be expected to further inform our understanding of the cell biology of regulated endocytosis. We thank the members of the Ganem laboratory for helpful discussions and advice; B. Glaunsinger, C. McCormick, and C. S. Sullivan for critical reading of the manuscript; D. Miranda for helpful discussions and advice on the coimmunoprecipitation studies; and Y. T. Liu for helpful advice on the selective permeabilization experiments.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(9/38)
TITLE: High Throughput Isolation and Glycosylation Analysis of IgG–Variability and Heritability of the IgG Glycome in Three Isolated Human Populations
ABSTRACT: All immunoglobulin G molecules carry N-glycans, which modulate their biological activity. Changes in N-glycosylation of IgG associate with various diseases and affect the activity of therapeutic antibodies and intravenous immunoglobulins. We have developed a novel 96-well protein G monolithic plate and used it to rapidly isolate IgG from plasma of 2298 individuals from three isolated human populations. N-glycans were released by PNGase F, labeled with 2-aminobenzamide and analyzed by hydrophilic interaction chromatography with fluorescence detection. The majority of the structural features of the IgG glycome were consistent with previous studies, but sialylation was somewhat higher than reported previously. Sialylation was particularly prominent in core fucosylated glycans containing two galactose residues and bisecting GlcNAc where median sialylation level was nearly 80%. Very high variability between individuals was observed, approximately three times higher than in the total plasma glycome. For example, neutral IgG glycans without core fucose varied between 1.3 and 19%, a difference that significantly affects the effector functions of natural antibodies, predisposing or protecting individuals from particular diseases. Heritability of IgG glycans was generally between 30 and 50%. The individual's age was associated with a significant decrease in galactose and increase of bisecting GlcNAc, whereas other functional elements of IgG glycosylation did not change much with age. Gender was not an important predictor for any IgG glycan. An important observation is that competition between glycosyltransferases, which occurs in vitro, did not appear to be relevant in vivo, indicating that the final glycan structures are not a simple result of competing enzymatic activities, but a carefully regulated outcome designed to meet the prevailing physiological needs. All immunoglobulin G molecules carry N-glycans, which modulate their biological activity. Changes in N-glycosylation of IgG associate with various diseases and affect the activity of therapeutic antibodies and intravenous immunoglobulins. We have developed a novel 96-well protein G monolithic plate and used it to rapidly isolate IgG from plasma of 2298 individuals from three isolated human populations. N-glycans were released by PNGase F, labeled with 2-aminobenzamide and analyzed by hydrophilic interaction chromatography with fluorescence detection. The majority of the structural features of the IgG glycome were consistent with previous studies, but sialylation was somewhat higher than reported previously. Sialylation was particularly prominent in core fucosylated glycans containing two galactose residues and bisecting GlcNAc where median sialylation level was nearly 80%. Very high variability between individuals was observed, approximately three times higher than in the total plasma glycome. For example, neutral IgG glycans without core fucose varied between 1.3 and 19%, a difference that significantly affects the effector functions of natural antibodies, predisposing or protecting individuals from particular diseases. Heritability of IgG glycans was generally between 30 and 50%. The individual's age was associated with a significant decrease in galactose and increase of bisecting GlcNAc, whereas other functional elements of IgG glycosylation did not change much with age. Gender was not an important predictor for any IgG glycan. An important observation is that competition between glycosyltransferases, which occurs in vitro, did not appear to be relevant in vivo, indicating that the final glycan structures are not a simple result of competing enzymatic activities, but a carefully regulated outcome designed to meet the prevailing physiological needs. Glycosylation is a widespread post-translational modification capable of producing significant structural changes to proteins. Contrary to the core N-glycan structure, which is essential for multicellular life (1Marek K.W. Vijay I.K. Marth J.D. A recessive deletion in the GlcNAc-1-phosphotransferase gene results in peri-implantation embryonic lethality.Glycobiology. 1999; 9: 1263-1271Crossref PubMed Scopus (118) Google Scholar), mutations in genes involved in modifications of glycan antennae are common and cause a large part of individual phenotypic variations that exist in humans and other higher organisms. Glycosylation of membrane receptors modulates adaptive properties of the cell membrane and affects communication between the cell and its environment (2Dennis J.W. Lau K.S. Demetriou M. Nabi I.R. Adaptive Regulation at the Cell Surface by N-Glycosylation.Traffic. 2009; 10: 1569-1578Crossref PubMed Scopus (163) Google Scholar). Deregulation of glycosylation is associated with a wide range of diseases, including cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular, congenital, immunological and infectious disorders (3Crocker P.R. Paulson J.C. Varki A. Siglecs and their roles in the immune system.Nat. Rev. Immunol. 2007; 7: 255-266Crossref PubMed Scopus (1416) Google Scholar, 4Marth J.D. Grewal P.K. Mammalian glycosylation in immunity.Nat. Rev. Immunol. 2008; 8: 874-887Crossref PubMed Scopus (529) Google Scholar, 5Ohtsubo K. Marth J.D. Glycosylation in cellular mechanisms of health and disease.Cell. 2006; 126: 855-867Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (2092) Google Scholar). Variations in glycosylation are of great physiological significance because it has been demonstrated that changes in glycans significantly modulate the structure and function of polypeptide parts of glycoproteins (6Skropeta D. The effect of individual N-glycans on enzyme activity.Bioorg. Med. Chem. 2009; 17: 2645-2653Crossref PubMed Scopus (142) Google Scholar), and a prominent example for this type of regulation is the immunoglobulin G (IgG). Each heavy chain of IgG carries a single covalently attached bi-antennary N-glycan at the highly conserved asparagine 297 residue in each of the CH2 domains of the Fc region of the molecule. The attached oligosaccharides are structurally important for the stability of the antibody and its effector functions (7Kobata A. The N-linked sugar chains of human immunoglobulin G: their unique pattern, and their functional roles.Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 2008; 1780: 472-478Crossref PubMed Scopus (88) Google Scholar). In addition, 15–20% of normal IgG molecules also bear complex bi-antennary oligosaccharides attached to the variable regions of the light chain, heavy chain or both (8Jefferis R. Glycosylation of recombinant antibody therapeutics.Biotechnol. Prog. 2005; 21: 11-16Crossref PubMed Scopus (445) Google Scholar, 9Zhu D. Ottensmeier C.H. Du M.Q. McCarthy H. Stevenson F.K. Incidence of potential glycosylation sites in immunoglobulin variable regions distinguishes between subsets of Burkitt's lymphoma and mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma.Br. J. Haematol. 2003; 120: 217-222Crossref PubMed Scopus (58) Google Scholar). Decreased galactosylation of IgG glycans in rheumatoid arthritis was reported over 25 years ago (10Parekh R.B. Dwek R.A. Sutton B.J. Fernandes D.L. Leung A. Stanworth D. Rademacher T.W. Mizuochi T. Taniguchi T. Matsuta K. Association of rheumatoid arthritis and primary osteoarthritis with changes in the glycosylation pattern of total serum IgG.Nature. 1985; 316: 452-457Crossref PubMed Scopus (989) Google Scholar) and numerous subsequent studies of IgG glycosylation revealed a number of important functional consequences of structural alterations in IgG glycans. For example, the addition of sialic acids dramatically changes the physiological role of IgGs by converting them from pro-inflammatory into anti-inflammatory agents (11Kaneko Y. Nimmerjahn F. Ravetch J.V. Anti-inflammatory activity of immunoglobulin G resulting from Fc sialylation.Science. 2006; 313: 670-673Crossref PubMed Scopus (1384) Google Scholar, 12Anthony R.M. Ravetch J.V. A novel role for the IgG Fc glycan: the anti-inflammatory activity of sialylated IgG Fcs.J Clin Immunol 30 Suppl. 2010; 1: S9-14Crossref Scopus (242) Google Scholar). Another structural change to IgG glycans, the addition of fucose to the glycan core, interferes with binding of IgG to FcγRIIIa and dampens its ability to destroy target cells through antibody dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) 1The abbreviations used are: (13Nimmerjahn F. Ravetch J.V. Fcgamma receptors as regulators of immune responses.Nat Rev Immunol. 2008; 8: 34-47Crossref PubMed Scopus (2061) Google Scholar, 14Ferrara C. Stuart F. Sondermann P. Brünker P. Umana P. The carbohydrate at FcgammaRIIIa Asn-162. An element required for high affinity binding to non-fucosylated IgG glycoforms.J. Biol. Chem. 2006; 281: 5032-5036Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (296) Google Scholar). Lack of core fucose enhances the clinical efficacy of monoclonal antibodies, which exert their therapeutic effect by ADCC mediated killing (15Shinkawa T. Nakamura K. Yamane N. Shoji-Hosaka E. Kanda Y. Sakurada M. Uchida K. Anazawa H. Satoh M. Yamasaki M. Hanai N. Shitara K. The absence of fucose but not the presence of galactose or bisecting N-acetylglucosamine of human IgG1 complex-type oligosaccharides shows the critical role of enhancing antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity.J. Biol. Chem. 2003; 278: 3466-3473Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (1135) Google Scholar, 16Iida S. Misaka H. Inoue M. Shibata M. Nakano R. Yamane-Ohnuki N. Wakitani M. Yano K. Shitara K. Satoh M. Nonfucosylated therapeutic IgG1 antibody can evade the inhibitory effect of serum immunoglobulin G on antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity through its high binding to FcgammaRIIIa.Clin Cancer Res. 2006; 12: 2879-2887Crossref PubMed Scopus (179) Google Scholar, 17Preithner S. Elm S. Lippold S. Locher M. Wolf A. da Silva A.J. Baeuerle P.A. Prang N.S. High concentrations of therapeutic IgG1 antibodies are needed to compensate for inhibition of antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity by excess endogenous immunoglobulin G.Mol. Immunol. 2006; 43: 1183-1193Crossref PubMed Scopus (106) Google Scholar). However, despite the undisputed importance of glycosylation for the function of IgGs, a large scale study that identifies the variability and heritability of IgG glycosylation in human populations has not been attempted. One of the major bottlenecks in large scale proteomics and glycomics studies is protein purification from a large number of samples. Affinity chromatography and liquid chromatography have been widely used, as they are versatile techniques for this purpose. A combination of affinity chromatography and monolithic supports exhibits many advantageous properties when compared with conventional particulate supports (18Barut M. Podgornik A. Urbas L. Gabor B. Brne P. Vidic J. Plevcak S. Strancar A. Methacrylate-based short monolithic columns: enabling tools for rapid and efficient analyses of biomolecules and nanoparticles.J. Sep. Sci. 2008; 31: 1867-1880Crossref PubMed Scopus (47) Google Scholar, 19Josić D. Buchacher A. Application of monoliths as supports for affinity chromatography and fast enzymatic conversion.J. Biochem. Biophys. Methods. 2001; 49: 153-174Crossref PubMed Scopus (104) Google Scholar, 20Jungbauer A. Hahn R. Polymethacrylate monoliths for preparative and industrial separation of biomolecular assemblies.J. Chromatogr. A. 2008; 1184: 62-79Crossref PubMed Scopus (190) Google Scholar, 21Roberts M.W. Ongkudon C.M. Forde G.M. Danquah M.K. Versatility of polymethacrylate monoliths for chromatographic purification of biomolecules.J. Sep. Sci. 2009; 32: 2485-2494Crossref PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar, 22Podgornik A. Strancar A. Convective Interaction Media (CIM)–short layer monolithic chromatographic stationary phases.Biotechnol. Annu. Rev. 2005; 11: 281-333Crossref PubMed Scopus (57) Google Scholar). Monoliths are continuous stationary phases cast in a single piece with very large and highly interconnected pores (23Barut M. Podgornik A. Brne P. Strancar A. Convective interaction media short monolithic columns: enabling chromatographic supports for the separation and purification of large biomolecules.J. Sep. Sci. 2005; 28: 1876-1892Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar). In comparison to particulate supports where molecules are transferred by diffusion, the high porosity of monoliths allows convective mass transport. This makes resolution and dynamic binding capacity practically independent of the flow rate (24Brne P. Podgornik A. Bencina K. Gabor B. Strancar A. Peterka M. Fast and efficient separation of immunoglobulin M from immunoglobulin G using short monolithic columns.J. Chromatogr. A. 2007; 1144: 120-125Crossref PubMed Scopus (33) Google Scholar, 25Iberer G. Hahn R. Jungbauer A. Monoliths as stationary phases for separation of biopolymers: the fourth generation of chromatography sorbents.LC-GC. 1999; : 998-1005Google Scholar, 26Urbas L. Brne P. Gabor B. Barut M. Strlic M. Petric T.C. Strancar A. Depletion of high-abundance proteins from human plasma using a combination of an affinity and pseudo-affinity column.J. Chromatogr. A. 2009; 1216: 2689-2694Crossref PubMed Scopus (32) Google Scholar, 27Vlakh E.G. Tennikova T.B. Applications of polymethacrylate-based monoliths in high-performance liquid chromatography.J. Chromatogr. A. 2009; 1216: 2637-2650Crossref PubMed Scopus (120) Google Scholar). High dynamic binding capacity for large molecules and high flow rates at a very low pressure drop enable rapid processing of large volumes of complex biological mixtures (28Tennikova T.B. Reusch J. Short monolithic beds: history and introduction to the field.J. Chromatogr. A. 2005; 1065: 13-17Crossref PubMed Scopus (53) Google Scholar). Polymethacrylate monoliths, specifically poly(glycidyl methacrylate-co-ethylene dimethacrylate), possess all of the above mentioned characteristics of monolithic supports. In addition, they are also known for their good mechanical strength, pH resistance, high surface area, high porosity, and simple attachment of ligands to the epoxy groups (29Tetala K.K. van Beek T.A. Bioaffinity chromatography on monolithic supports.J. Sep. Sci. 2010; 33: 422-438Crossref PubMed Scopus (92) Google Scholar). One of the most commonly used bioaffinity ligands for the isolation of IgG is protein G (30Berruex L.G. Freitag R. Tennikova T.B. Comparison of antibody binding to immobilized group specific affinity ligands in high performance monolith affinity chromatography.J. Pharm. Biomed. Anal. 2000; 24: 95-104Crossref PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar, 31Gupalova T.V. Lojkina O.V. Pàlàgnuk V.G. Totolian A.A. Tennikova T.B. Quantitative investigation of the affinity properties of different recombinant forms of protein G by means of high-performance monolithic chromatography.J. Chromatogr. A. 2002; 949: 185-193Crossref PubMed Scopus (59) Google Scholar, 32Burnouf T. Goubran H. Radosevich M. Application of bioaffinity technology in therapeutic extracorporeal plasmapheresis and large-scale fractionation of human plasma.J. Chromatogr. B Biomed. Sci. Appl. 1998; 715: 65-80Crossref PubMed Scopus (23) Google Scholar). All four subclasses of human IgG strongly bind to protein G through their Fc fragments. Here we present the development and application of a 96-well Protein G monolithic plate for high throughput isolation of IgG and its application for the first large scale population study of the IgG glycome. Glycidyl methacrylate, ethylene dimethacrylate, cyclohexanol, and 1-dodecanol were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich (St. Louis, MO). Photoinitiator was purchased from CIBA (Basel, Switzerland) and Protein G from GE Healthcare (Uppsala, Sweden). Sodium acetate, sulfuric acid, and hydrochloric acid (37%) were obtained from Merck (Darmstadt, Germany). All the buffers were filtered through a 0.45 μm pore size filter composed of Sartolon polyamide (Sartorius, Goettingen, Germany). The 96-well plates with frits, mean pore size 36 microns, were purchased from Chromacol (Welwyn Garden City, United Kingdom). Chemicals for buffer preparations (phosphate buffered saline (PBS), Tris, HCl, NaOH, formic acid, ammonium bicarbonate, propan-2-ol) were purchased from Fisher Scientific (Pittsburgh, PA) and Sigma-Aldrich. Chemicals for running the SDS-PAGE were purchased from Invitrogen (Carlsbad, CA). Sodium bicarbonate, dl-dithiothreitol, iodoacetamide, ammonium persulfate, 2-aminobenzamide, sodium cyanoborohydride, acetic acid, and dimethyl sulfoxide were from Sigma-Aldrich and ultra pure water (Purite Fusion 40 water purification system, Purite Ltd., Thame, UK) were used throughout. This study was based on samples from respondents who were residents of the Croatian Adriatic islands Vis and Korčula or the Northern Scottish Orkney Islands and who were recruited within a larger genetic epidemiology program that sought to investigate genetic variability and map genes influencing common complex diseases and disease traits in genetically isolated populations (33Rudan I. Campbell H. Rudan P. Genetic epidemiological studies of eastern Adriatic Island isolates, Croatia: objective and strategies.Coll. Antropol. 1999; 23: 531-546PubMed Google Scholar, 34Rudan I. Biloglav Z. Vorko-Jović A. Kujundzic-Tiljak M. Stevanović R. Ropac D. Puntarić D. Cucević B. Salzer B. Campbell H. Effects of inbreeding, endogamy, genetic admixture, and outbreeding on human health: a (1001 Dalmatians) study.Croat. Med. J. 2006; 47: 601-610PubMed Google Scholar). The genetic-epidemiology program on the islands began in 2002, and continues today. The sampling framework was based on the voting register in Croatia, which was used to send postal invitations to all adult inhabitants (over 18 years of age); in Orkney subjects were volunteers from the Orkney Complex Disease Study, again aged over 18 years. The sample for this study consisted of 906 subjects from the Vis island (39.4%), 915 (39.8%) from Korčula island and 477 from the Orkney islands (20.8%) totaling to 2298 individuals. The age range for the entire sample was 18–100 years (median age 56, interquartile range 22 years). There were 894 men (39.2%) and 1384 women in the sample (60.8%), for 20 people gender data were missing. Heritability analysis was performed for the Vis Island sample only, because of a more extensive number of familial links. The genealogical information was reconstructed based on the Church Parish records and information provided by the subjects, and then checked against genetic data on allele sharing between relatives as a quality control measure to exclude data errors. The sample contained a total of 809 genealogical relationships (including 205 parent-child, 123 sibling, and 481 other relationships). The Korčula sample contained a much lower number of familial links and because of large standard errors arising from rather shallow genealogical records, we did not calculate heritability estimates for the Korčula island sample. All of the members of the three sample groups were interviewed by one of the trained surveyors, based on an extensive questionnaire (35Campbell H. Carothers A.D. Rudan I. Hayward C. Biloglav Z. Barac L. Pericic M. Janicijevic B. Smolej-Narancic N. Polasek O. Kolcic I. Weber J.L. Hastie N.D. Rudan P. Wright A.F. Effects of genome-wide heterozygosity on a range of biomedically relevant human quantitative traits.Hum. Mol. Genet. 2007; 16: 233-241Crossref PubMed Scopus (79) Google Scholar). The questionnaire collected data on personal characteristics (name, date, and place of birth, gender, marital status, education level and occupation), selected health-related lifestyle variables (such as diet and smoking status), health complaints, drug intake and hospitalization records. Blood was taken in epruvetes containing anticoagulant and immediately processed; plasma was separated by centrifugation and stored at −70 °C. This study conformed to the ethical guidelines of the 1975 Declaration of Helsinki. All respondents signed an informed consent form before participating in the study and the study was approved by the appropriate Ethics Board of the University of Zagreb Medical School and by Research Ethics Committees in Orkney and Aberdeen. The 96-well plates consisting of a polymethacrylate (poly(glycidyl methacrylate-co-ethylene dimethacrylate)) monolithic stationary phase with protein G coupled to the epoxy groups and casted inside each well was custom designed and prepared by BIA Separations (Ljubljana, Slovenia). The basic monolith was synthesized by a free-radical polymerization of GMA and a cross-linking agent, EDMA, in the presence of porogenic solvents, cyclohexanol and dodecanol (60 vol.% of the reaction mixture) as described by Tennikova et al. (36Tennikova T.B. Belenkii B.G. Švec F. J. Liq. Chromatogr. 1990; 13: 63-70Crossref Scopus (331) Google Scholar), but instead of thermally initiated polymerization, UV polymerization was used. The preparation of the monolithic stationary phase is a simple process and the polymerization mixture, which consists of monomers and porogens, is polymerized by applying heat and UV light. In both types of polymerization, an important property of a monolithic macroporous material is the pore size distribution. The photoinduced copolymerization of 150 μl of the mixtures of monomers, cross-linking agent, photoinitiator, and porogenic solvents was performed at room temperature directly in each well of 96 plates. The mixture was irradiated with a constant intensity from a 5 × 8 W mercury lamp using a wavelength of 312 nm (UVItec Ltd, Cambridge, UK) with an exposure time of up to 180 min. Although the instrument does not enable active cooling, the temperature did not exceed 30 °C thus effectively excluding thermal initiation. After the polymerization was completed, each well of the 96-well plate was extensively washed with ethanol to wash out the porogenic solvents and other soluble compounds. The average pore size was determined by intrusive mercury porosimetry (PASCAL 440 porosimeter, Thermoquest Italia, Rodano, Italy). The pore size distribution of the monoliths were around 700 nm, which is comparable to thermally polymerized monoliths (37Monolithic Materials: Preparation, Properties and Applications.in: Barut M. Podgornik A. Merhar M. Štrancar A.F. Švec T. Tennikova B. Deyl Z. Journal of Chromatography Library. vol. 67. Elsevier, Amsterdam2003: 51Google Scholar). The immobilization of protein G on the monoliths in the 96-well plate was performed by flushing the monoliths with protein G solution prepared in a buffer solution of sodium acetate. Afterward the monoliths were flushed with deionized water and the deactivation of the remaining epoxy groups was performed with 0.5 M solution of sulfuric acid. Before use, the monolithic plate was washed with 10 column volumes (CV) of ultra pure water and then equilibrated with 10 CV of binding buffer (1X PBS, pH 7.4). Plasma samples (50 μl) were diluted 10 × with the binding buffer and applied to the Protein G plate. The filtration of the samples was completed in ∼5 min. The plate was then washed five times with 5 CV of binding buffer to remove unbound proteins. IgG was released from the protein G monoliths using 5 CV of elution solvent (0.1 M formic acid, pH 2.5). Eluates were collected in a 96-deep-well plate and immediately neutralized to pH 7.0 with neutralization buffer (1 M ammonium bicarbonate) to maintain the IgG stability. After each sample application, the monoliths were regenerated with the following buffers: 10 CV of 10 × PBS, followed by 10 CV of 0.1 M formic acid and afterward 10 CV of 1 × PBS to re-equilibrate the monoliths. Each step of the chromatographic procedure was done under vacuum (cca. 60 mmHg pressure reduction while applying the samples, 500 mmHg during elution and washing steps) using a manual set-up consisting of a multichannel pipet, a vacuum manifold (Beckman Coulter, Brea, CA) and a vacuum pump (Pall Life Sciences, Ann Arbor, MI). If the plate was not used for a short period, it was stored in 20% ethanol (v/v) at 4 °C. After repeated use of the plate contaminants present in the sample sometimes did not completely elute from the monolithic stationary phase. A specific cleaning protocol was developed that included washing with 0.1 M NaOH to remove precipitated proteins and with 30% propan-2-ol to remove strongly bound hydrophobic proteins or lipids. This procedure effectively removed all precipitates and did not significantly diminish IgG binding capacity of the immobilized protein G. The purity of the isolated IgG was verified by SDS-PAGE with NuPAGE Novex 4–12% Bis-Tris gels in an Xcell SureLock Mini-Cell (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer. Precision Plus Protein All Blue Standards (BioRad, Hercules, CA) was used as the molecular weight marker. The gels were run at 180 V for 45 min, stained with GelCode Blue (Pierce) and visualized by a VersaDoc Imaging System (BioRad). Glycan release and labeling was performed as reported previously (38Knežević A. Polašek O. Gornik O. Rudan I. Campbell H. Hayward C. Wright A. Kolčić I. O'Donoghue N. Bones J. Rudd P.M. Lauc G. Variability, Heritability and Environmental Determinants of Human Plasma N-Glycome.J. Proteome Res. 2009; 8: 694-701Crossref PubMed Scopus (190) Google Scholar). Plasma proteins were immobilized in a block of SDS-polyacrylamide gel and N-glycans were released by digestion with recombinant N-glycosidase F (ProZyme, CA). This was done in a 96-well microtiter plate to achieve the best throughput of sample preparation. After extraction, glycans were fluorescently labeled with 2-aminobenzamide. The following enzymes, all purchased from ProZyme (San Leandro, CA), were used for digestions: Sialidase A™/NANase III (recombinant gene from Arthrobacter ureafaciens, expressed in Escherichia coli), 5 mU; α(1–2,3,4,6)fucosidase (bovine kidney), 1.25 mU; α(1–3,4)-fucosidase (almond meal), 1.6 mU; β(1–3,4)-galactosidase (bovine testis), 5 mU; β(1–4)-galactosidase (Streptococcus pneumoniae), 2 mU; β-N-acetylhexosaminidase/HEXase I (recombinant gene from Streptococcus pneumoniae, expressed in E. coli), 40 mU; α(1–2,3,6)-mannosidase (jack bean), 150 mU. Aliquots of the 2-AB labeled glycan pool were dried down and digested in a mixture of enzymes, corresponding 1X concentrated manufacturers buffer and water in total volume of 5 μl. After overnight incubation at 37 °C, enzymes were removed by filtration through the AcroPrep 96 Filter Plates, 10K (Pall Corporation, MI, USA). Digested glycans were then separated by HILIC-UPLC for comparison against an undigested equivalent. Fluorescently labeled N-glycans were separated by ultra performance liquid chromatography on a Waters Acquity UPLC instrument consisting of a quaternary solvent manager, sample manager and a FLR fluorescence detector set with excitation and emission wavelengths of 330 and 420 nm, respectively. The instrument was under the control of Empower 2 software, build 2145 (Waters, Milford, MA). Labeled N-glycans were separated on a Waters BEH Glycan chromatography column, 100 × 2.1 mm i.d., 1.7 μm BEH particles, with 100 mM ammonium formate, pH 4.4, as solvent A and acetonitrile as solvent B. Recently reported methods for UPLC profiling of glycans (39Ahn J. Bones J. Yu Y.Q. Rudd P.M. Gilar M. Separation of 2-aminobenzamide labeled glycans using hydrophilic interaction chromatography columns packed with 1.7 microm sorbent.J Chromatogr B Analyt Technol Biomed Life Sci. 2010; 878: 403-408Crossref PubMed Scopus (169) Google Scholar, 40Bones J. Mittermayr S. O'Donoghue N. Guttman A. Rudd P.M. Ultra performance liquid chromatographic profiling of serum N-glycans for fast and efficient identification of cancer associated alterations in glycosylation.Anal Chem. 2010; 82: 10208-10215Crossref PubMed Scopus (155) Google Scholar) were used as a starting point for the development of the separation method that used linear gradient of 75–62% acetonitrile at flow rate of 0.4 ml/min in a 20 min analytical run. Samples were maintained at 5 °C before injection, and the separation temperature was 60 °C. The system was calibrated using an external standard of hydrolyzed and 2-AB labeled glucose oligomers from which the retention times for the individual glycans were converted to glucose units. Data processing was performed using an automatic processing method with a traditional integration algorithm after which each chromatogram was manually corrected to maintain the same intervals of integration for all the samples. The chromatograms obtained were all separated in the same manner into 24 peaks and the amount of glycans in each peak was expressed as % of total integrated area. Before MS analysis of each glycan peak, the 2-AB labeled IgG N-glycan pool was fractionated by hydrophilic interaction high performance liquid chromatography (HILIC) on a 100 × 2.1 mm i.d., 1.7 μm BEH particles column using a linear gradient of 75–62% acetonitrile with 100 mM ammonium formate, pH 4.4, as solvent A and acetonitrile as solvent B. UltiMate Dual Gradient LC system (Dionex, Sunnyvale, CA) controlled by Chromeleon software and connected to FP-2020 Plus fluorescence detector (Jasco, Easton, MD) was used. To obtain the same separation as with UPLC system, flow was adjusted to 0.3 ml/min and analytical run time was prolonged to 60 min. Collected fractions were dried by vacuum centrifugation and resuspended in water. Nano-LC-ESI-MS/MS. MS analysis of the collected glycan fractions was performed using an Ultimate 3000 nano-LC system (Dionex/LC Packings, Amsterdam, The Netherlands) equipped with a reverse phase trap column (C18 PepMap 100Å, 5 μm, 300 μm × 5 mm; Dionex/LC Packings) and a nano column (C18 PepMap 100Å, 3 μm, 75 μm × 150 mm; Dionex/LC Packings). The column was equilibrated at room temperature with eluent A (0.1% formic acid in water) at a flow rate of 300 nL/min. For fractions with disialylated glycans, extra 0.04% of trifluoroacetic acid was added to the eluent A. After injection of

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(10/38)
TITLE: The RLDS Church, Global Denominations, and Globalization: Why the Study of Denominations Still Matters
ABSTRACT: Within the halls of academia, denominational history is a thoroughly unfashionable genre about an oft-ignored subject. This was not always so. Historian Lincoln Mullen notes that the field of religious history “used to be dominated by denominational histories, more often than not written by scholars from those denominations.” Such histories might make “a genuine contribution to the field, but most bordered on antiquarianism.” By the 1980s, most historians had turned “their attention to the discussions of race, class, gender, and power that animate the historical professions more generally.”1 Denominational histories, at least in this telling, were left behind due to a shift in what constituted an important historical story and a new focus upon the production of power through crosscutting categories of difference.There is at least another factor that has colluded to marginalize denominational histories. Most scholars of religion believe that denominations are dying entities, at least in the United States. Even the most optimistic students of denominational studies litter their works with statements that offer qualified pronouncements about the future viability of denominations. “Denominationalism looks doomed,” writes Russell E. Richey, the doyen of denominational studies. “It may be,” he forthrightly admits.2 Anthropologist Jon Bialecki characterizes much of the literature on denominations as proclaiming that “the denomination itself is on the cusp of extinction.” Bialecki himself playfully calls the most recent past age in the US the “denominozoic,” while the present, still unnamed age is something after this mass extinction event.3 As a scholar, I see no intimations within the patterns of current-day religious belonging in America that would dispute Bialecki and Richey's playfully earnest characterizations.Given these dour assessments of denominations and denominational histories, this article offers a modest argument for the continuing relevance of studying denominations, past and present. Namely, I argue that the study of American-based Mormon denominations provides a fruitful pathway towards understanding how globalization has reshaped Christian communities. I do so with reference to denominations and denominational belonging in three places: the United States of America, the Republic of India, and the Republic of the Philippines. Then, I make a brief excursus into what scholars mean by globalization and how I apply it. Next, I offer a case study of a church that metabolized the various social, political, and economic forces of globalization—the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (now called Community of Christ). I offer a sketch of how its self-styled moniker, the “World Church,” described both its aspirations and new organizational forms in the 1960s and beyond. Finally, I draw upon this case study to articulate the general and generalizable characteristics of the new organizational form created in the post-World War II RLDS Church, an organizational form I call the “global denomination.” I end this section by arguing for the applicability of my definitional criteria for the global denomination beyond the RLDS Church. Thus, taken together, my four sections offer a case for why the study of denominations still matters.Created initially in Protestant Europe and Colonial America in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, the denomination is a particularly modern bureaucratized form of religious organization. As sociologist Nancy Ammerman notes, a denomination “is a trans-local cluster of mutually-identified religious organizations, developed by their members, and existing alongside other, similarly constructed, but each more-or-less-distinct religious groups” and colludes with the modern nation-state as “a mechanism for legitimizing and regulating religious diversity.”4 Some scholars point out that the denomination, or at least denomination-like structures, are not simply the invention of the Protestant North Atlantic world, but had simultaneous origins in nascent nation-states, like Japan during the Edo period in which state-imposed divisions in Buddhism created denomination-like structures. Nevertheless, more than in any other nation-state, the United States witnessed particularly effusive growth in denominational forms in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, part and parcel of state religious disestablishment and the growth of modern bureaucracies.5As a Christian organizational structure, the denomination reached its high-water mark in the United States in the post-World War II era. Sociologists Andrew Greeley and Peter Rossi, writing in 1972, advanced the thesis that religion in America was structured as a “denominational society.”6 While such analysis ignored the blossoming of alternative forms of religious organization that would evolve into various types in our present age (parachurches, independent megachurches, a spirituality milieu, etc.), Greeley and Rossi had captured something of the import of denominations within their time. Post-World War II America saw a spike in people formally joining denominations, and denominational bodies across the US—flush with wealth from newly made middle-class members—underwent a church-building boom.7 Within such an environment, it seemed logical that Greeley and Rossi would characterize the structure of American religion along denominational lines.The so-called “denominational society” that Greeley studied in the 1970s was not simply an American creation, but the product of two centuries of transnational connections between American denominations and global “others.” Sociologist Robert Wuthnow helpfully describes (somewhat) overlapping historical eras for these global connections. The first era, roughly encompassing the nineteenth century, saw the rise of mission societies and boards controlled by American denominations and reaching out into places like Liberia, China, and India. The second era, between the late nineteenth century and World War II, saw the rise of independent mission agencies that recruited supporters across denominational lines (for example, the Student Volunteer Movement). The third, spanning most of the twentieth century, witnessed the creation of faith-based NGOs, many of which were connected with particular denominations (e.g., Catholic Relief Services, Lutheran World Relief), while others were connected with paradenominational bodies (e.g., World Vision and independent Evangelicals). Wuthnow notes that the organizational patterns created in all three of these eras remained active, robust, and even expanded in the late twentieth century among the numerically dominant Christian affinity groups in the US—evangelical Protestants, Pentecostals, Catholics, and even mainline Protestants (a group that many scholars have assumed decreased their global connections in the same era).8 In short, denominations in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries were among the most important conduits for global connectivity between American Christians and Christians in other nations.Even as denominationalism has waned in the US after it peaked in the late twentieth century, it has seen a sharp rise in other nations over the past few decades. Take, for instance, India and the Philippines, two countries in which I have studied the Community of Christ. In both countries, a majority religion structures much of religious life, the Catholic Church in the Philippines and Hinduism, in all its varieties, in India. However, in both countries, Christian denominationalism is now flourishing. For example, recent studies of religion in the Philippines have highlighted the importance of denominations, arguing that the last thirty years has seen a significant increase in the power of denominations to mediate religious identity within the archipelago nation.9 Non-Catholic Christians account for only 11 percent of the Filipino population, yet they maintain an outsized public presence in large cities and the smallest barangays where distinctive, brightly colored church buildings announce the presence of a noisy and growing religious minority population. Their competition with Catholics for adherents has created an emerging denominational society in the Philippines.10In contrast to the Philippines where Christians account for 92 percent of the population, India has a Christian population that accounts for just over 2 percent of its population. Social divisions within Indian society increasingly have been formatted along the lines of “religion” whereas “caste” and “tribe” (both legally defined categories) once predominated.11 This is in part because tribe and caste often overlap with religious identities, thus making these older colonial markers of belonging—tribe/caste and religion—mirror the imperial collusion between race and religion in the United States. As an upshot of these historical processes, Christianity as an affinity category in India matters more than one's particular denominational identity. In addition, global ecumenical efforts had significant origins within Indian Christianity in the 1960s, thus reinforcing the dominance of religious identity over denominational identity.12Even so, denominationalism is alive and well within India. For example, anthropologist Piers Vitebsky conducted intermittent ethnographic research on the Christianization of Sora tribal people in south central Odisha (formerly called Orissa) from the 1970s to 2010s. Sora Baptist churches and Dalit Catholic parishes were the only Christian denominations in his research area for several decades. Yet, by the 2010s, “[Sora] Baptists are lured with food, lodging, and education grants by Pentecostals, Lutherans, East India [RLDS or Community of Christ], Orissa Baptist Evangelistic Crusade (OBEC), Bunangji (Brethren), Drena or Biswas (Faith, Trust), Seba Bharato (Serving India), Sanniara (Saturday, i.e., Seventh Day Adventists), Jisu Renukku (Assembly of Jesus), Compass, World Vision [an NGO], Good News... and Agape or Prema.”13 In short, even a rural area like the highlands of Odisha abounds with Christian denominations and diverse opportunities for Christian affiliation.Given the past and present importance of denominations within the US, the Philippines, and India, one would expect that scholars of global Christianity in these places would place the denomination as a foci for academic study. With a few notable recent exceptions, this is not so. Scholars of global Christianity, surmise anthropologists Minna Opas and Courtney Handman, “have focused in large part on the subject in Protestantism, emphasizing the ways in which the modern subject is a Christian subject.” This emphasis “has largely come at the expense of an emphasis on the social groups in and through which Christian practice takes place.”14 Similarly, Laurie Maffly-Kipp notes, “Our [scholars'] own concepts of individual identities and selfhood as the preeminent concerns of religious subjects block us from—dare I say it—recognizing the profound ecclesiastical pleasures and collective commitments of historical agents.”15 Thus, ignoring denominations risks misapprehending the strangeness of the past, even the recent past, as well as missing the places where many Christian practices have been formed and reformed. To Opas, Handman, and Maffly-Kipp's concerns, I would add that ignoring denominations misses one of the prime conduits for globalization in Christianity. This, of course, raises the question of what exactly is meant by “globalization.”Globalization is a word that burst into scholarly and popular vocabulary in the 1980s and has stayed as a mutable signifier ever since. Scholars have invoked globalization to describe the waning of state power and the rise of global cities (Sassen); the compression of time and space as well as our awareness of it (Robertson); the rise of networked societies (Castells); the global extension of commodification and neoliberal economic regimes (Harvey); the neocolonial creation of the Global North and Global South (Wallerstein); the space of new economic, cultural, political, and media-based flows beyond national boundaries (Appadurai); “McDonaldization” and cultural homogenization (Ritzer); novel interactions between the local and global that produce new cultural identities (Roudometof); and bifurcated clashes of civilizations (Huntington).16 For some scholars, globalization can denominate a rather narrow time period (i.e., the world after 1989), or it can be used in the broadest possible sense of the term to mark human interconnections from the Ice Age to the present. For others, globalization is not about a historical period (time), but about a connectivity process (space), thus delimiting it in a different way.17Given the many ways that globalization has been defined, scholars must necessarily delimit what they mean by the term. Manfred Steger offers a pithy definition of globalization that I have found particularly useful. According to Steger, globalization is “the myriad forms of connectivity that link the local (and national) with the global” and the “thickening of the ‘global-local-nexus.’”18 How those myriad forms of connectivity came into being, and their consequences, is the broadest outline for the story of post-World War II Mormonism in both the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and in the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. I turn now to the latter church's postwar story to briefly sketch how the RLDS Church became a “World Church.”In 1960, the RLDS Church debated and passed a resolution to rename their biannual “General Conference” as the “World Conference.” Almost immediately, church officials began to informally refer to their church as the World Church, a moniker that made it into conference speeches and official stationary. The term World Church aptly described church members’ aspirations rather than their contemporary realities. In 1960, the RLDS Church was overwhelmingly an American church, with most of its 174,000 members living in the US, and the vast majority in the midwestern US at that.19 Yet, over the course of the next thirty years, the church would attempt to live into its new name, becoming a global denomination. It did so in four ways.First, the World Church created a truly global reach after 1960 through missions; later establishing faith-based humanitarian NGOs. Before the 1960s, it had no mission presence in South and Southeast Asia, for example. After that time, it had a growing network of congregations in both India and the Philippines. To expand in both places, it relied upon indigenous ministers previously affiliated with other Christian denominations. These ministers were entrepreneurial agents who had cultivated global ties with American denominations, finally finding a reliable patron in the RLDS Church who sponsored the indigenous leaders’ missionary work.For example, Potenciano Carino was the general overseer of a small Adventist Church with ties to a rather fractious sponsoring Adventist Church in the United States, the Church of God, Seventh Day. In 1965, Carino joined the RLDS Church after corresponding with their apostles, and, perhaps most importantly, a friend and cousin who had married an RLDS woman in California. Over the next few years, Carino and a small cadre of former Church of God, Seventh Day ministers brought several hundred of their former congregants into the RLDS Church.20 In 1974, three of these ministers would become the inaugural board members for the church's first successful NGO, Community One Resource Development.21 The rapid establishment of NGOs in South Korea, the US, Nigeria, and India heralded that RLDS leaders in the US were shifting their understanding of the mission of their church in the late twentieth century. This paralleled similar moves by American Methodists, Lutherans, Congregationalists, and Episcopalians whose proselytizing missions had largely become humanitarian missions by the late twentieth century.22Second, the RLDS Church created new ways for its adherents to relate to space. In the early 1960s, independent Indian Baptists in eastern India sought out the church as a patron to help with the expansion of Christianity to animistic Sora tribal people in the highlands of the eastern Ghats in the state of Odisha. The Sora who converted due to these missions reoriented their notions of space through acts of deterritorialization and reterritorialization, two classic traits of globalization's spatializing effects.23 Traditionally, economic commerce and political power had been mediated by literate Dalit-caste middlemen who served as go-betweens for illiterate Soras who lived in the hills and literate caste Hindus who lived in the valleys. With the introduction of the RLDS Church among the Sora, these Dalit-caste middlemen disappeared as Sora became literate through a mission school established by RLDS funds. This school trained a cadre of young men who would become leaders in the Sora community—school principals, NGO employees, local government officials, and pastors. Older forms of social organization perdured in surprising ways, though. Powerful Sora pastors served as middlemen who mediated between Sora-speaking church members and the English-speaking American RLDS apostles, the latter entrusting the Sora pastors with money for development projects in the Sora hills. I have suggested that this was an act of deterritorializing the older hills/valleys division in Sora culture and reterritorializing this division within the structure of the RLDS Church as a global denomination. For the Soras, the American part of the RLDS Church became the new people of the valleys, even though they lived half a world away.24 Thus, if globalization is “the compression of the world and the intensification of consciousness of the world as a whole,” as Roland Robertson famously argued, Sora participated quite directly in such a remapping of space.25Third, the RLDS Church could enfold Sora and Filipino converts into their global organization through a strategy of commensurability that they denominated as “indigenization.” This arose from the first self-conscious attempt by leaders of any Mormon tradition to articulate a formal missiology. By indigenization, RLDS leaders meant that their restored gospel would be planted in a new place and allowed to grow in the metaphorical soil of that new nation and culture without the need to assimilate to American standards. A 1966 policy statement adopted by the RLDS World Conference opined that to “deepen the effectiveness of worship within the church” worship itself “must be expressed through forms of worship which are indigenous to the cultural patterns of the worshipers.”26 Indigenization also meant that churches in local areas should be led by indigenous leaders rather than American missionaries. Churches should also be self-supporting. Such ideas mirrored the “three-self” plan advocated by Protestant indigenizers in an earlier era.27 These ideals also reenvisioned the church as composed of various cultures, sharing together in gifts that enriched the whole church, now self-consciously reenvisioned as the World Church.Finally, the RLDS Church exported neoliberal practices and processes that subtly undercut its aspirations to become a cosmopolitan World Church that decentered American cultural power. In particular, this was manifest in the exportation of American “auditing culture” whereby new church leaders in India and the Philippines had to file financial reports and account for monies disbursed to them from the RLDS Presiding Bishopric.28 Indigenous leaders could be removed if they did not properly follow such accountability practices. This was true for the RLDS India national minister, G.S. Chawla. In 1970, officials at the church's headquarters removed Chawla from his position when he could not account for funds distributed to him by the American-based RLDS Presiding Bishopric (the chief financial officers for the World Church).29 Later Sora leaders suffered a similar fate.Anthropologist Pinky Hota has pointed out that tribal Indians often must fight against stereotypes generated by caste Indians around issues of money and its use. Such stereotypes posit that tribal Indians are “backward” simpletons who do not understand how money “works.” To combat these stereotypes and claim power in the public sphere, tribal leaders often engage in patronage relationships that are normative for Indian society, including taking and paying bribes or redistributing earmarked funds for various development projects to the pockets of their supporters. This is the price of being a public official in places of state neglect like rural Odisha.30 Yet, in the late twentieth century, RLDS Americans inhabiting an unacknowledged auditing culture cast such localized Indian practices as financial corruption. Thus, tribal church leaders were often caught between American expectations and local realities. Furthermore, neoliberal practices reasserted the power of the American headquarters over international churches at the margins of the RLDS Church.Given my sketch of the RLDS Church as a World Church in the 1960s and beyond, I now offer a working definition for what I call the global denomination. Here, I am not offering up a definition that consists in law-like regularities, but a stipulative definition, one that can only be more or less useful. By taking this tack, I follow scholars like Thomas Tweed who use particular case studies to offer more general and generalizable arguments, yet without the hubris that such generalizations can be universally applicable.31 Furthermore, I offer the following thoughts as a generative argument, one that assumes that even disagreement with my definition will itself produce new ways of thinking about my topic—the importance of denominations as carriers of globalization.The successor to earlier forms of transnational Christian affiliation, the global denomination was an American creation that overran its American origins. The global denomination was marked by (1) the creation of dense transnational networks and transnational entrepreneurial agents; (2) the reconfiguration of its adherents’ experiences of time and space (and their relationality to other people); (3) strategies and tactics of commensurability among its adherents; and (4) the global diffusion of neoliberal practices and processes, intended and unintended. These four markers of a global denomination could be observed in various Christian organizations since the early modern era: for example, nineteenth-century Methodists and their connectional “Empire of the Spirit” or even the eighteenth-century Society of Jesus (the Jesuits).32 Yet, what I am describing in this essay is the intensification of such traits and the thickening of a global-local nexus within a particular Christian organizational form after World War II.My study of the RLDS Church in the post-World War II era led me to formulate this definition, but I see it as helpful for thinking about the post-World War II Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, too. The LDS Church (1) created a dense network of missions and missionaries to blanket the globe; (2) ended any lingering emphasis on gathering to America before the last days and emphasized a scattering of the church to all nations; (3) instituted the formal program of correlation to create a more or less standardized gospel culture across the world; and (4) standardized both financial audits and personal accountability audits (bishops’ interviews) that exported neoliberal auditing culture far beyond the shadow of the Everlasting Hills (Utah). Obviously, the particular manifestations of global denominationalism differed between the LDS Church and the RLDS Church. For example, differing missionary methods (massive numbers of young LDS adults evangelizing versus a few full-time RLDS Church employees) and practices of commensurability (LDS correlation versus RLDS indigenization) meant that LDS and RLDS pursued opposing globalizing tactics. Yet, both churches embodied the globalizing strategies or general markers I have used to characterize the global denomination.Could what I have proposed here frame the post-World War II globalizing experiences of other American-based denominations, such as the Episcopal Church, the United Methodist Church, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, and others? My inclination is to answer in the affirmative, even though these mainline Protestant denominations had a much more extensive global network than any Mormon denomination in the pre-World War II era.33 Still, I believe that denominations as denominations should not be studied because they can be contextualized within larger trends; they should be studied because they are and have been active coproducers of larger trends. Given this approach, the study of late twentieth-century global Mormon denominations is nothing short of the study of globalization.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(11/38)
TITLE: The Class B Scavenger Receptors SR-BI and CD36 Are Receptors for Anionic Phospholipids
ABSTRACT: The specific recognition of anionic phospholipids in the outer leaflets of cell membranes and lipoproteins by cell surface receptors may play an important role in a variety of physiologic and pathophysiologic processes (e.g. recognition of damaged or senescent cells by the reticuloendothelial system or lipoprotein homeostasis). Several investigators have described anionic phospholipid binding to cells, and phosphatidylserine (PS) binding to a partially purified ~95-kDa membrane protein has recently been reported (Sambrano, G. R., and Steinberg, D.(1995) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 92, 1396-1400). Using both direct binding and ligand competition assays in transfected cells, we have found that two class B scavenger receptors, SR-BI and CD36, can tightly bind PS and phosphatidylinositol (PI)-containing liposomes (Kd for PS liposome binding to SR-BI is ~15 μg phospholipid/ml or 0.18 nM (mol PS liposomes/l)), but not phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine, or sphingomyelin liposomes. PS and PI liposomes, but not the others, could effectively compete with PS liposomes and modified or native lipoproteins for binding to these receptors. Phosphatidic acid, another anionic phospholipid, could also compete, but was not as effective as PS or PI. Class B scavenger receptors are the first molecularly well-defined, specific cell surface receptors for anionic phospholipids to be described. The specific recognition of anionic phospholipids in the outer leaflets of cell membranes and lipoproteins by cell surface receptors may play an important role in a variety of physiologic and pathophysiologic processes (e.g. recognition of damaged or senescent cells by the reticuloendothelial system or lipoprotein homeostasis). Several investigators have described anionic phospholipid binding to cells, and phosphatidylserine (PS) binding to a partially purified ~95-kDa membrane protein has recently been reported (Sambrano, G. R., and Steinberg, D.(1995) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 92, 1396-1400). Using both direct binding and ligand competition assays in transfected cells, we have found that two class B scavenger receptors, SR-BI and CD36, can tightly bind PS and phosphatidylinositol (PI)-containing liposomes (Kd for PS liposome binding to SR-BI is ~15 μg phospholipid/ml or 0.18 nM (mol PS liposomes/l)), but not phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylethanolamine, or sphingomyelin liposomes. PS and PI liposomes, but not the others, could effectively compete with PS liposomes and modified or native lipoproteins for binding to these receptors. Phosphatidic acid, another anionic phospholipid, could also compete, but was not as effective as PS or PI. Class B scavenger receptors are the first molecularly well-defined, specific cell surface receptors for anionic phospholipids to be described. Phospholipids are key structural components of cell membranes and lipoproteins. Based on studies of the red blood cell's and other membranes (reviewed in 39Schroit A.J. Zwaal R.F.A. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1991; 1071: 313-329Crossref PubMed Scopus (288) Google Scholar), it is generally assumed that there is an asymmetric distribution of phospholipids in the plasma membranes of eukaryotic cells ( 35Roelofsen B. Op den Kamp J.A.F. Hoekstra D. Current Topics in Membranes. Academic Press, San Diego1994: 7-46Google Scholar). The outer leaflet appears to be composed predominantly of neutral zwitterionic phospholipids, e.g. phosphatidylcholine (PC)1( 1The abbreviations used are: PCphosphatidylcholinePAphosphatidic acidPEphosphatidylethanolaminePIphosphatidylinositolPSphosphatidylserineSMsphingomyelinSR-Aclass A scavenger receptorsSR-Bclass B scavenger receptorsSR-Cclass C scavenger receptorshaSR-BIhamster scavenger receptor class B type ILDLlow density lipoproteinAcLDLacetylated LDLOxLDLoxidized LDLM-BSAmaleylated bovine serum albuminFAF-BSAfatty acid free bovine serum albuminDPPCdipalmitoyl phosphatidylcholineCHO cellsChinese hamster ovary cellscpmcounts/min. )and sphingomyelin (SM), while the inner leaflet is greatly enriched in negatively charged phospholipids, such as phosphatidylserine (PS) and phosphatidylinositol (PI). Breakdown of this asymmetry, especially the exposure of increased levels of PS on the outer cell surface, occurs in a variety of physiologic and pathologic states. These include platelet activation (8Bevers E.M. Comfurius P. Zwaal R.F.A. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1983; 736: 57-66Crossref PubMed Scopus (501) Google Scholar), cell aging (41Shukla S.D. Hanahan D.J. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 1982; 214: 335-341Crossref PubMed Scopus (38) Google Scholar), programmed cell death (apoptosis) (12Fadok V.A. Voelker D.R. Campbell P.A. Cohen J.J. Bratton D.L. Henson P.M. J. Immunol. 1992; 148: 2207-2216Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 13Fadok V.A. Savill J.S. Haslett C. Bratton D.L. Doherty D.E. Campbell P.A. Henson P.M. J. Immunol. 1992; 149: 4029-4035Crossref PubMed Google Scholar), sickle cell anemia (23Kuypers F.A. van den Berg J.J.M. Lubin B.H. Embury S.H. Hebbel R.P. Mohandas N. Steinberg M.H. Sickle Cell Disease: Basic Principles and Clinical Practice. Raven Press, New York1994: 139-152Google Scholar), and Plasmodium falciparum infection of erythrocytes (18Joshi P. Gupta C.M. Br. J. Hematol. 1988; 68: 255-259Crossref PubMed Scopus (32) Google Scholar). Exposure of anionic phospholipids at the external surface of cells can stimulate blood coagulation (Schroit and Zwaal, 1991) and has been proposed to play a critical role in the recognition of damaged or senescent cells by the reticuloendothelial system (37Savill J. Fadok V. Henson P. Haslett C. Immunol. Today. 1993; 14: 131-136Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (989) Google Scholar). phosphatidylcholine phosphatidic acid phosphatidylethanolamine phosphatidylinositol phosphatidylserine sphingomyelin class A scavenger receptors class B scavenger receptors class C scavenger receptors hamster scavenger receptor class B type I low density lipoprotein acetylated LDL oxidized LDL maleylated bovine serum albumin fatty acid free bovine serum albumin dipalmitoyl phosphatidylcholine Chinese hamster ovary cells counts/min. Several investigators have described specific anionic phospholipid binding to cells, especially to macrophages, using either direct binding or indirect ligand-competition assays (38Schroit A.J. Fidler I.J. Cancer Res. 1982; 42: 161-167PubMed Google Scholar; 34Ratner S. Schroit A.J. Vinson S.B. Fidler I.J. Proc. Soc. Exp. Biol. Med. 1986; 182: 272-276Crossref PubMed Scopus (22) Google Scholar; 4Allen T.M. Williamson P. Schlegel R.A. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1988; 85: 8067-8071Crossref PubMed Scopus (139) Google Scholar; 29Nishikawa K. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1990; 265: 5226-5231Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 24Lee K.-D. Hong K. Papahadjopoulus D. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1992; 1103: 185-197Crossref PubMed Scopus (204) Google Scholar; 14Fukasawa M. Hirota K. Adachi H. Mimura K. Murakami-Murofushi K. Tsujimoto M. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 1921-1927Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (19) Google Scholar; 36Sambrano G.R. Steinberg D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 1396-1400Crossref PubMed Scopus (278) Google Scholar). Several studies have suggested that scavenger receptors which bind modified lipoproteins, such as oxidized low density lipoprotein (OxLDL) or acetylated LDL (AcLDL), may in some cases function as anionic phospholipid receptors (29Nishikawa K. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1990; 265: 5226-5231Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 14Fukasawa M. Hirota K. Adachi H. Mimura K. Murakami-Murofushi K. Tsujimoto M. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 1921-1927Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (19) Google Scholar; for a review of scavenger receptors see 22Krieger M. Herz J. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1994; 63: 601-637Crossref PubMed Scopus (1071) Google Scholar). The only receptor for anionic phospholipids to be identified to date is a partially purified ~95-kDa membrane protein from macrophages that was shown to directly bind PS and OxLDL using a ligand blotting assay (9de Rijke Y.B. van Berkel T.J.C. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 824-827Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 32Ottnad E. Parthasarathy S. Sambrano S.R. Ramprasad M.P. Quehenberger O. Kondratenko N. Green S. Steinberg D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 1391-1395Crossref PubMed Scopus (140) Google Scholar; 36Sambrano G.R. Steinberg D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 1396-1400Crossref PubMed Scopus (278) Google Scholar). The primary sequence of this protein has not been reported; thus, it is not known if it is a member of one of the three classes of scavenger receptors, A, B, and C, which have been previously defined based on their distinctive binding activities and primary sequences (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 33Pearson A. Lux A. Krieger M. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 4056-4060Crossref PubMed Scopus (204) Google Scholar). Two of these, class A and class C scavenger receptors (SR-A, SR-C), are expressed almost exclusively on mammalian and embryonic Drosophila melanogaster macrophages, respectively (27Naito M. Kodama T. Matsumoto A. Doi T. Takahashi K. Am. J. Pathol. 1991; 139: 1411-1423PubMed Google Scholar; 10Elomaa O. Kangas M. Sahlberg C. Tuukkanen J. Sormunen R. Liakka A. Thesleff I. Kraal G. Tryggvason K. Cell. 1995; 80: 603-609Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (413) Google Scholar; 7Bell M.D. Lopez-Gonzalez R. Lawson L. Hughes D. Fraser I. Gordon S. Perry V.H. J. Neurocytol. 1994; 23: 605-613Crossref PubMed Scopus (99) Google Scholar; 33Pearson A. Lux A. Krieger M. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 4056-4060Crossref PubMed Scopus (204) Google Scholar). 25Lee K.-D. Pitas R.E. Papahadjopoulus D. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1992; 1111: 1-6Crossref PubMed Scopus (42) Google Scholar and 14Fukasawa M. Hirota K. Adachi H. Mimura K. Murakami-Murofushi K. Tsujimoto M. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 1921-1927Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (19) Google Scholar have shown that at least two types of class A receptors are unlikely to be involved in the cellular uptake of anionic phospholipid liposomes, and we have recently obtained data suggesting that the Drosophila SR-C (33Pearson A. Lux A. Krieger M. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 4056-4060Crossref PubMed Scopus (204) Google Scholar) may not be able to recognize anionic phospholipids.2( 2A. Pearson and A. Rigotti, unpublished data. ) In the current study, we have examined the binding of phospholipids to class B scavenger receptors (SR-B). SR-Bs are members of the CD36 superfamily of proteins, including CD36 itself and SR-BI (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). SR-Bs are expressed in a variety of cells and tissues, including macrophages and endothelial cells (1Abumrad N.A. El-Maghrabi M.R. Amri E.-Z. Lopez E. Grimaldi P.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 17665-17668Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; and see 16Greenwalt D.I. Lipsky R.H. Ockenhouse C.F. Ikeda H. Tandon N.N. Jamieson G.A. Blood. 1992; 80: 1105-1115Crossref PubMed Google Scholar for review). The highest levels of expression have been reported to be in adipose tissue (1Abumrad N.A. El-Maghrabi M.R. Amri E.-Z. Lopez E. Grimaldi P.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 17665-17668Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). In addition to binding modified LDL (11Endemann G. Stanton L.W. Madden K.S. Bryant C.M. White R.T. Protter A.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 11811-11816Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 28Nicholson A.C. Frieda S. Pearce A. Silverstein R.L. Arterioscl. Thromb. Vasc. Biol. 1995; 15: 269-275Crossref PubMed Scopus (226) Google Scholar), CD36 binds M-BSA (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), thrombospondin (5Asch A.S. Barnwell J. Silverstein R.L. Nachman R.L. J. Clin. Invest. 1987; 79: 1054-1061Crossref PubMed Scopus (398) Google Scholar), collagen (43Tandon N.N. Kralisz U. Jamieson G.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1989; 264: 7576-7583Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), long chain fatty acids (1Abumrad N.A. El-Maghrabi M.R. Amri E.-Z. Lopez E. Grimaldi P.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 17665-17668Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 25Lee K.-D. Pitas R.E. Papahadjopoulus D. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1992; 1111: 1-6Crossref PubMed Scopus (42) Google Scholar), and P. falciparum-infected erythrocytes (31Oquendo P. Hundt E. Lawler J. Seed B. Cell. 1989; 58: 95-101Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (412) Google Scholar). Although its physiologic functions are unknown, CD36 may serve as an adhesion molecule, a component in fatty acid transport (1Abumrad N.A. El-Maghrabi M.R. Amri E.-Z. Lopez E. Grimaldi P.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 17665-17668Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), a signal transduction molecule (30Ockenhouse C.F. Magowan C. Chulay J.D. J. Clin. Invest. 1989; 84: 468-475Crossref PubMed Scopus (109) Google Scholar; 17Huang M.-M. Bolen J.B. Barnwell J.W. Shattil S.J. Brugge J.S. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1991; 88: 7844-7848Crossref PubMed Scopus (368) Google Scholar), and a receptor for senescent neutrophils (37Savill J. Fadok V. Henson P. Haslett C. Immunol. Today. 1993; 14: 131-136Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (989) Google Scholar). A striking feature of SR-BI, not shared by CD36 or other well-defined scavenger receptors, is its ability to bind native LDL with high affinity (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Thus, SR-BI may play an important role in lipid metabolism. Here, we show that SR-BI and CD-36 specifically bind anionic PS and PI liposomes with high affinity, and are, therefore, the first molecularly well-defined cell surface receptors for anionic phospholipids to be described. Reagents (and sources) were: acetic anhydride (Mallinckrodt, Inc., Paris, KY); egg phosphatidylcholine, egg phosphatidic acid, liver phosphatidylinositol, brain phosphatidylserine, egg phosphatidylethanolamine, and brain sphingomyelin (Avanti Polar Lipids, Inc., Alabaster, AL); polycarbonate membrane filters (Poretics Corp., Livermore, CA); sodium [125I]iodide and 1,2-dipalmitoyl-L-3-phosphatidyl[N-methyl-3H]choline ([3H]DPPC) (Amersham Corp.); DEAE-dextran (Pharmacia Biotech Inc.); Ham's F-12 medium, Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium, fetal bovine serum, and trypsin/EDTA (JRH Biosciences, Lenexa, KS); and penicillin/streptomycin, glutamine, and G418 sulfate (Life Technologies, Inc.). All other reagents and supplies were purchased from Sigma or were obtained as described previously (Krieger, 1983). Human LDL, AcLDL, 125I-labeled LDL, and 125I-labeled AcLDL (90-300 cpm/ng protein) were prepared essentially as described previously (15Goldstein J.L. Basu S.K. Brown M.S. Methods Enzymol. 1983; 98: 241-260Crossref PubMed Scopus (1335) Google Scholar; 21Krieger M. Cell. 1983; 33: 413-422Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (52) Google Scholar; 3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Unilamellar liposomes were made by extrusion through polycarbonate membranes (42Szoka F. Olson F. Heath T. Vail W. Mayhew E. Papahadjopoulos D. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1980; 601: 559-571Crossref PubMed Scopus (453) Google Scholar). Phospholipid liposomes were prepared containing the indicated phospholipid, phosphatidylcholine, and free cholesterol in a molar ratio of 1:1:1. The lipids were mixed in chloroform and dried by rotary evaporation for 30 min. For preparation of radiolabeled liposomes, 50-75 μCi of [3H]DPPC (62 Ci/mmol) were added to the lipid mixtures before drying. The dried lipids were resuspended in 150 mM NaCl, 0.1 mM EDTA, 10 mM HEPES, pH 7.5 (Buffer A). Once the samples were fully hydrated, they were extruded through 0.1-μm pore size polycarbonate membranes using a mini-extruder device (Avanti Polar Lipids, Inc., Alabaster, AL). After extrusion, liposomes were dialyzed against Buffer A and then stored under nitrogen at 4°C until use. Liposomes were used within 2 weeks of preparation. The final phospholipid concentration was determined by the method of 6Bartlett G.R. J. Biol. Chem. 1959; 234: 466-468Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar. The average diameters of unlabeled liposomes, which were determined from either two or three independent preparations using light scattering with a Coulter N4 plus light scatterer apparatus (Coulter Electronics Inc., Hialeah, FL), were: PS, 105; PC, 114; PA, 125; PE, 129; PI, 113; and SM, 131 nm. The number of phospholipid molecules/PS liposome was calculated as follows. Cross-sectional areas for cholesterol and phospholipid molecules in hydrated bilayers are assumed to be 0.35 nm2 and 0.47 nm2, respectively ( 26Levine Y.K. Wilkins M.H.F. Nature. 1971; 230: 69-72Crossref Scopus (337) Google Scholar); assuming an homogenous distribution of the components throughout the PS/PC/cholesterol (1:1:1) liposomes, 73% of the surface area (4πr2× 2 (bilayer) × 0.73 = 50477 nm2) was phospholipid, or 107,398 phospholipid molecules/liposome (50477 nm2/0.47 nm2). Based on an average phospholipid mass of 785 g/mol, a liposome concentration of 10 μg phospholipid/ml converts to 0.12 nM in liposome particles. CHO, ldlA (clone 7), ldlA[haSR-BI], and COS M6 cells were grown in culture as described previously (21Krieger M. Cell. 1983; 33: 413-422Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (52) Google Scholar; 2Acton S.L. Resnick D. Freeman M. Ekkel L. Ashkenas J. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 3530-3537Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). ldlA (clone 7) is a CHO cell mutant clone whose defective LDL receptor gene results in an essentially LDL receptor-negative phenotype ( 19Kingsley D.M. Krieger M. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1984; 81: 5454-5458Crossref PubMed Scopus (136) Google Scholar; 40Sege R.D. Kozarsky K.F. Krieger M. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1986; 6: 3268-3277Crossref PubMed Scopus (25) Google Scholar; 20Kingsley D.M. Sege R.D. Kozarsky K. Krieger M. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1986; 6: 2734-2737Crossref PubMed Scopus (11) Google Scholar). CHO and ldlA cells were maintained in monolayer culture with Ham's F-12 medium containing 5% fetal bovine serum, 100 units/ml penicillin, 100 μg/ml streptomycin, and 2 mM glutamine (medium A). ldlA[haSR-BI] cells are ldlA cells which express hamster SR-BI (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) and were cultured in medium A supplemented with 0.25 mg/ml G418 (medium B). COS M6 cells were grown in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium with 10% fetal bovine serum, 100 units/ml penicillin, 100 μg/ml streptomycin, and 2 mM glutamine (medium C). All incubations with cells were performed at 37°C in a humidified 5% CO2, 95% air incubator unless otherwise noted. COS cells were transiently transfected with plasmids encoding either haSR-BI (phaSR-BI; 3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) or huCD36 (phuCD36; 31Oquendo P. Hundt E. Lawler J. Seed B. Cell. 1989; 58: 95-101Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (412) Google Scholar) as described previously (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Cells were plated on day 0, transfected on day 1, and replated on day 2 (1 × 106 cells/well in six-well dishes) in medium C supplemented with 1 mM sodium butyrate. Ligand binding assays were performed on day 3. On day 0, ldlA and ldlA[haSR-BI] cells were plated (2.5 × 105 cells/well in six-well dishes) in medium A or B, respectively, and the assay was performed on day 2. Transfected COS cells were prepared as described above. Binding assays were performed as described previously (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), with the following minor modifications. Cells were prechilled on ice for 30 min, incubated with the indicated radiolabeled ligands (125I-LDL, 125I-AcLDL, or 3H-labeled liposomes) in ice-cold medium D (Ham's F-12 containing 0.5% (w/v) fatty acid free bovine serum albumin (FAF-BSA) and 10 mM HEPES, pH 7.4), with or without unlabeled competitors, for 2 h at 4°C with gentle shaking. Cells were then washed twice with Tris wash buffer (50 mM Tris-HCl, 0.15 M NaCl, pH 7.4) containing 2 mg/ml FAF-BSA, followed by one rapid wash with Tris wash buffer without FAF-BSA. The cells were then solubilized with 0.1 N NaOH, and radioactivity and protein determinations were made as described previously (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). The specific, high affinity ligand binding activities shown represent the differences between values obtained in the absence (total binding) and presence (nonspecific binding) of an excess of the indicated unlabeled ligands. Nonspecific binding of [3H]PS liposomes to cells was generally low. For example, for the experiment shown in Fig. 1, nonspecific binding ranged from 10% (at 2.5 μg phospholipid/ml) to 28% (at 100 μg phospholipid/ml) of the total binding. For [3H]PC liposomes, nonspecific binding ranged from 21% (at 2.5 μg phospholipid/ml) to 58% (at 100 μg phospholipid/ml) of the total binding. The binding values are expressed as nanograms of bound 125I-labeled protein or ng of total phospholipids from 3H-labeled liposomes/milligram of cell protein. To determine if phospholipids could bind to haSR-BI, we prepared 105 nm diameter PS liposomes (PS/phosphatidylcholine/cholesterol, ratio 1:1:1) radiolabeled with trace amounts of [3H]dipalmitoyl phosphatidylcholine (62 Ci/mmol) and examined their binding at 4°C to untransfected cells (ldlA) and transfected cells which express haSR-BI (ldlA[haSR-BI]). Fig. 1 shows that there was substantial, high affinity (Kd~15 μg phospholipid/ml) and saturable binding to the transfected cells (filled circles), but relatively little binding to the untransfected cells (filled squares). Assuming that the phospholipid and cholesterol were uniformly distributed in homogenous liposomes containing approximately 107,400 molecules of phospholipid/liposome (see "Experimental Procedures"), we estimate the Kd (mol of PS liposomes/liter) to be ~0.18 nM. PS binding was apparently independent of divalent cations because it was not inhibited by EDTA (1-10 mM, data not shown). Binding depended on the phospholipid composition of the liposomes. In contrast to that of [3H]PS liposomes, the binding of radiolabeled PC liposomes (PC/cholesterol, 2:1, Fig. 1, open circles) was very low and similar to [3H]PS binding to untransfected ldlA cells. These results indicated that phospholipids can bind to haSR-BI and that this binding might depend on the charge of the phospholipid head group. The specificity of the binding was further assessed by determining the competition for [3H]PS binding by unlabeled liposomes of various compositions (indicated phospholipid/PC/cholesterol, ratio 1:1:1). Table I shows that the anionic phospholipids PS and PI were effective inhibitors while the zwitterionic PC and PE as well as SM were not. PA, another anionic phospholipid, was able to compete, but not as effectively as PS and PI.TABLE ISpecificity of [3H]PS and 125I-LDL binding to haSR-BI expressed in transfected ldlA cells Open table in a new tab We previously established that haSR-BI can bind both native LDL and AcLDL with high affinity (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Fig. 2A shows that PS and PI liposomes inhibited virtually all of the binding of 125I-AcLDL to haSR-BI in transiently transfected COS cells (>50% inhibition at concentrations >10 μg phospholipid/ml), while PC had virtually no effect at concentrations as high as 250 μg phospholipid/ml. We also observed that PS, but not PC, liposomes inhibited most of the binding of native 125I-LDL to haSR-BI in ldlA[haSR-BI] cells. Indeed, the specificity of liposome inhibition of 125I-LDL binding was almost identical to that for the inhibition of [3H]PS binding (). The extent of PS inhibition of 125I-LDL binding depended on the relative PS content of the liposomes. Fig. 3 shows that inhibition by 500 μg phospholipid/ml increased substantially as the amount of PS in PS/PC mixed liposomes increased from 0 to 50 mol % of total phospholipid, with greater than 50% inhibition occurring when the PS mol % was >10. These competition experiments suggest that anionic phospholipids bound to haSR-BI at a site close to or identical with the site(s) of native and modified LDL binding and that interaction of the liposomes with haSR-BI may involve polyvalent binding via multiple anionic phospholipid molecules.Figure 3:Effect of the phosphatidylserine/phosphatidylcholine molar ratio on liposome inhibition of 125I-LDL binding to haSR-BI at 4°C. On day 2 of cell growth, the binding of 125I-LDL (5 μg protein/ml, 278 cpm/ng protein) to ldlA[haSR-BI] cells was measured as described under "Experimental Procedures" in the presence of PS/PC/cholesterol liposomes (500 μg phospholipid/ml, total phospholipid/cholesterol ratio of 2:1) with the indicated composition of phosphatidylserine (expressed as mole percentage of total phospholipid). The binding values represent the means of duplicate determinations. The 100% control value was 560 ng 125I-LDL protein/mg cell protein.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) haSR-BI is a member of the CD36 superfamily of proteins (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Both haSR-BI and human CD36 (huCD36, 32% amino acid sequence identity to haSR-BI) are class B scavenger receptors which can bind a variety of modified proteins (AcLDL, OxLDL, maleylated BSA); however, they cannot bind to many of the other polyanions which are ligands of the class A and C scavenger receptors (3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Fig. 2B shows that, as was the case for haSR-BI, the binding of 125I-AcLDL to huCD36 expressed in COS cells was inhibited by PI and PS, but not by PC. PI was a significantly better inhibitor than PS. Thus, CD36, as well as haSR-BI, apparently can serve as a receptor for anionic phospholipids. Except for the apparent differences in the ability to recognize PE, the receptor activity reported by 14Fukasawa M. Hirota K. Adachi H. Mimura K. Murakami-Murofushi K. Tsujimoto M. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 1921-1927Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (19) Google Scholar is remarkably similar to that of CD36. The phospholipid and modified lipoprotein binding specificities of the class B scavenger receptors (11Endemann G. Stanton L.W. Madden K.S. Bryant C.M. White R.T. Protter A.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 11811-11816Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; 3Acton S.L. Scherer P.E. Lodish H.F. Krieger M. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 21003-21009Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar; Nicholson et al., 1995), the ~95 kDa OxLDL receptor (Sambrano and Steinberg, 1995; de Rijke and van Berkel, 1994), and the AcLDL receptor activity reported by 29Nishikawa K. Arai H. Inoue K. J. Biol. Chem. 1990; 265: 5226-5231Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar are not identical. Therefore, in addition to SR-BI and CD36 there may be other receptors for phospholipids. Establishing the structural and functional relationships of class B receptors to previously described anionic phospholipid receptor activities and determining the physiologic significance of anionic phospholipid binding by class B scavenger receptors, particularly with regard to the recognition of lipoproteins and damaged or senescent cells, will require additional studies. ldlA[haSR-BI] cells were plated on day 0. On day 2, the binding of [3H]PS liposomes (10 μg total phospholipid/ml, 28 cpm/ng total phospholipid) or 125I-LDL (5 μg protein/ml, 94 cpm/ng protein) at 4°C was measured as described under "Experimental Procedures" in the absence ("none") or presence of the indicated phospholipid liposomes (150 μg total phospholipid/ml). The values represent the average of two determinations. The 100% of control values for the binding of [3H]PS liposomes (experiment 1) and 125I-LDL (experiment 2) were 410 and 139 ng/mg cell protein, respectively. We thank Shangzhe Xu for expert technical assistance, D. Alford and C. Larsen for generously providing equipment and advice regarding liposome preparation during the initial stages of this work, B. Seed for his generous gift of the plasmid encoding CD36, and A. Pearson and D. Resnick for helpful discussions.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(12/38)
TITLE: Sucrase-isomaltase Gene Transcription Requires the Hepatocyte Nuclear Factor-1 (HNF-1) Regulatory Element and Is Regulated by the Ratio of HNF-1α to HNF-1β
ABSTRACT: The mouse sucrase-isomaltase (SI) gene is an enterocyte-specific gene expressed in a complex developmental pattern. We previously reported that a short, evolutionarily conserved gene promoter regulates developmental expression of SI in mouse small intestine. Herein, we investigated the role of a hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 (HNF-1) cis-acting element to regulate SI gene expression in vivo. Transgenic SI gene constructs with a mutated HNF-1 element (SIF3) revealed a strong reduction in promoter activity in comparison with a wild-type construct in mice and during Caco-2 cell differentiation. Nuclear proteins isolated from enterocytes showed increased binding of the HNF-1α complex with a concomitant decrease in the HNF-1β-containing complex to the SIF3 element both during the suckling-weaning developmental transition and Caco-2 cell differentiation. These changes coincided with a strong induction of SI gene transcription. In transfection experiments, HNF-1α activated the SI promoter via the SIF3 element, and co-expression of HNF-1β impaired this transcriptional activation. These findings demonstrate the essential role of the HNF-1 regulatory element to support SI gene transcription in vivo and suggest that the ratio of HNF-1α to HNF-1β plays a role in the transcriptional activity of this gene during intestinal development. The mouse sucrase-isomaltase (SI) gene is an enterocyte-specific gene expressed in a complex developmental pattern. We previously reported that a short, evolutionarily conserved gene promoter regulates developmental expression of SI in mouse small intestine. Herein, we investigated the role of a hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 (HNF-1) cis-acting element to regulate SI gene expression in vivo. Transgenic SI gene constructs with a mutated HNF-1 element (SIF3) revealed a strong reduction in promoter activity in comparison with a wild-type construct in mice and during Caco-2 cell differentiation. Nuclear proteins isolated from enterocytes showed increased binding of the HNF-1α complex with a concomitant decrease in the HNF-1β-containing complex to the SIF3 element both during the suckling-weaning developmental transition and Caco-2 cell differentiation. These changes coincided with a strong induction of SI gene transcription. In transfection experiments, HNF-1α activated the SI promoter via the SIF3 element, and co-expression of HNF-1β impaired this transcriptional activation. These findings demonstrate the essential role of the HNF-1 regulatory element to support SI gene transcription in vivo and suggest that the ratio of HNF-1α to HNF-1β plays a role in the transcriptional activity of this gene during intestinal development. sucrase-isomaltase mouse SI sucrase-isomaltase footprint hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 human HNF-1 human growth hormone polymerase chain reaction base pairs calcium/magnesium-free Hanks' balanced salts electrophoretic mobility shift assay Sucrase-isomaltase (SI)1is an intestine-specific gene that is expressed in complex patterns in epithelial cells during development along the cephalocaudal and the crypt-villus axis of the intestine (1Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Birkenmeier E.H. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1993; 265: G526-G539PubMed Google Scholar, 2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar, 3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). In the mouse intestine, SI is initially expressed at low levels late in fetal development when the stratified endoderm cells transform into a columnar epithelium with nascent villi (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). This low level of SI expression is maintained through birth and the first two postnatal weeks of life (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). Between days 16 and 17, there is a dramatic induction in SI expression that occurs in concert with other changes in gene expression that results in the phenotype of the adult intestine (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). During this transition and throughout adult life, there is a prominent induction of SI mRNA in enterocytes located at the crypt-villus junction. SI mRNA is abundant in enterocytes from the base of villi to the midvillus toward the tip, resulting in low levels in villus tip cells (4Traber P.G. Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 1990; 173: 765-773Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar, 5Traber P.G., Yu, L. Wu G.D. Judge T.A. Am. J. Physiol. 1992; 262: G123-G130PubMed Google Scholar). This pattern of expression mirrors critical developmental and differentiation transitions in the intestine. Therefore, SI has served as a useful model to investigate the molecular mechanisms that orchestrate intestinal developmental transitions. We have mapped regions of the SI gene that are important to recapitulate its complex expression during mouse intestinal development using transgenic mice (1Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Birkenmeier E.H. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1993; 265: G526-G539PubMed Google Scholar, 2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar, 3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). This analysis shows that the crucial regulatory elements that direct patterns of enterocyte expression are located between nucleotides −201 and +54 of the SI promoter. This short, evolutionarily conserved mouse SI gene promoter directs transcription to enterocytes in developmental and differentiation-dependent patterns (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). Since these transgenic constructs are able to recapitulate the expression profile of the endogenous gene during development, we conclude that increased expression of the SI gene at the suckling-weaning transition is due predominantly to induction of transcription. Moreover, the crucial regulatory elements that direct patterns of enterocyte expression are located between nucleotides −201 and +54 of the SI promoter. Further studies of the human SI promoter in cell lines have identified three major positive regulatory elements, sucrase-isomaltase footprint 1 (SIF1), SIF2, and SIF3 (6Traber P.G. Wu G.D. Wang W. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1992; 12: 3614-3627Crossref PubMed Scopus (114) Google Scholar, 7Wu G.D. Wang W. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1992; 267: 7863-7870Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Caudal-related homeodomain proteins (Cdx1 and Cdx2) interact with the SIF1 element and induce gene transcription in vitro (8Suh E. Chen L. Taylor J. Traber P.G. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1994; 14: 7340-7351Crossref PubMed Scopus (383) Google Scholar, 9Taylor J.K. Levy T. Suh E.R. Traber P.G. Nucleic Acids Res. 1997; 25: 2293-2300Crossref PubMed Scopus (68) Google Scholar). The SIF2 and SIF3 elements of the human SI promoter interact with HNF-1 proteins to regulate transcription (10Wu G.D. Chen L. Forslund K. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17080-17085Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). It is currently unclear whether these proteins interact with the SI promoter in vivo to regulate gene transcription during intestinal development. In this study, we investigate the role of HNF-1 proteins in the transcriptional regulation of the SI promoter during postnatal intestinal development. HNF-1α and HNF-1β are transcription factors distantly related to homeodomain proteins that bind to DNA as either homodimers or heterodimers (11Mendel D.B. Crabtree G.R. J. Biol. Chem. 1991; 266: 677-680Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). They are expressed in a variety of tissues including liver, kidney, intestine, stomach, and pancreas and have been implicated in the regulation of multiple genes (12Baumhueter S. Mendel D.B. Conley P.B. Kuo C.J. Turk C. Graves M.K. Edwards C.A. Courtois G. Crabtree G.R. Genes Dev. 1990; 4: 372-379Crossref PubMed Scopus (178) Google Scholar, 13Emens L.A. Landers D.W. Moss L.G. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1992; 89: 7300-7304Crossref PubMed Scopus (123) Google Scholar, 14Lee Y.H. Sauer B. Gonzalez F.J. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1998; 18: 3059-3068Crossref PubMed Scopus (228) Google Scholar, 15Lipson K.E. Baserga R. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1989; 86: 9774-9777Crossref PubMed Scopus (119) Google Scholar, 16Mendel D.B. Hansen L.P. Graves M.K. Conley P.B. Crabtree G.R. Genes Dev. 1991; 5: 1042-1056Crossref PubMed Scopus (251) Google Scholar, 17Pontoglio M. Barra J. Hadchouel M. Doyen A. Kress C. Bach J.P. Babinet C. Yaniv M. Cell. 1996; 84: 575-585Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (514) Google Scholar). In this report, we demonstrate that mutagenesis of the SIF3 element strongly impairs the activity of SI promoter in transgenic mice and Caco-2 cells. Using intact nuclear proteins from neonatal mouse intestinal epithelial cells and Caco-2 cells, we show that the pattern of protein binding to the SIF3 element changes at a period when SI expression is dramatically increased. We find that an increase in the ratio of HNF-1β to HNF-1α reduces SI promoter activity. Taken together, these data confirm an essential role for the HNF-1 element to regulate expression of the SI gene during intestinal development and enterocyte differentiation. The −201 to +54 mSI-hGH construct has been described elsewhere (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). Point mutagenesis of the −201 to +54 mSI-hGH plasmid was performed using the Transformer site-directed mutagenesis kit (CLONTECH). The following oligonucleotide was designed to create point mutations (underlined) within the SIF3 element: SIF3m, 5′-GTAGAAATAACACAGGTATTAAGTAACTTGGCATGTC-3′. Integrity of the mutant construct was confirmed by sequence analysis. The −8.5 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH plasmid was constructed in two steps. First, the −8.5 to +54 mSI-hGH construct (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar) was digested withXbaI and SphI to discard the −3424 to +54 mSI/hGH portion. The remaining sequence was used to subclone theXbaI-SphI −201 to +54 SIF3m mSI/hGH insert digested from the −201 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH vector to create the −8.5 to −3.4/−201 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH vector. The −3424 to −201XbaI fragment digested from the −8.5 to +54 mSI-hGH plasmid was then inserted in the −8.5 to −3.4/−201 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH vector to create the −8.5 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH plasmid. Correct orientation of the −3424 to −201 integrated fragment as well as the presence of the SIF3 mutation in the −201 to +54 segment was confirmed by sequence analysis. Portions of the human and mouse ribosomal protein 36B4 mRNA and the human HNF-1α mRNA were amplified by reverse transcriptase-PCR. Reverse transcription reactions were performed as described previously (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar) with the use of either RNA extracted from Caco-2 cells or mouse small intestine. For PCR, the following paired primers were used for amplification: for h36B4, h36B4up (5′-ATGTGAAGTCACTGTGCCAG-3′) and h36B4down (5′-CTCAGGATTTCAATGGTGCC-3′); for m36B4, m36B4up (5′-ATGTGAGGTCACTGTGCCAG-3′) and m36B4down (5′-AGGTGTACTCAGTCTCCACA-3′); and for hHNF-1α, HNF1αup (5′-GGAAATGCCTGTGTGAGTAG-3′) and HNF1αdown (5′-GAAGGCCAGGTTCTCAGCAG-3′). PCR amplification was carried out for 35 cycles with denaturation at 95 °C, annealing of the primers at 55 °C, and reaction extension at 72 °C, each for 1 min. A 113-base pair fragment extending from positions 431 to 544 of h36B4, a 420-base pair fragment from positions 428 to 848 of m36B4, and a 643-base pair fragment from position 2465 to 3108 of hHNF-1α cDNA were subcloned into the pGEM-T easy vector (Promega, Madison, WI) according to the manufacturer's recommendations. The integrity of subcloned PCR products was confirmed by sequence analysis. The 132-bpEcoRI-SmaI m36B4 fragment was further subcloned in Bluescript KS vector (Stratagene, La Jolla, CA) to create the KS-m36B4 plasmid. The promoter/reporter −8.5 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH construct was released by digestion with SalI andSphI and purified. Transgenic mice were produced by the Transgenic Core Facility at the University of Pennsylvania. The DNA construct was injected into the male pronucleus of fertilized eggs and implanted into pseudopregnant females using standard methodology. DNA from tail biopsies of resulting mice was extracted using the QIAamp Tissue kit (Qiagen Inc., Valencia, CA). The presence of the transgene in mouse genomic DNA was determined by PCR and Southern analysis as described previously (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar, 3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). Transgene founders of the BGSJL/F1 strain (Jackson Laboratory, Bar Harbor, ME) were bred with normal CD1 mice (Charles River), and offspring were analyzed for the transgene by PCR. A Caco-2 cell line was obtained from the American Tissue Culture Collection (Manassas, VA). The Caco-2–15 cell line was kindly provided by Dr. J.-F. Beaulieu (Université de Sherbrooke, Québec). Cells were maintained in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium supplemented with 4.5 g/literd-glucose, 25 mm HEPES, 10% fetal bovine serum, 50 units/ml penicillin, and 50 µg/ml of streptomycin in 5% CO2. Nuclear protein was isolated from neonatal mice by a modification of a method previously used by our laboratory for adult mouse intestine (6Traber P.G. Wu G.D. Wang W. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1992; 12: 3614-3627Crossref PubMed Scopus (114) Google Scholar). Briefly, mice were anesthetized with sodium pentobarbital (0.15 ml for adult, 0.05 ml for neonatal mice), and the intestine was exposed through a midline incision. The distal small intestine was rinsed with 10 ml of 1× calcium/magnesium-free Hanks' balanced salts (CMF). The thoracic cavity was opened, and the left ventricle was perfused through a needle with 1× CMF for 3 min with a hydrostatic head of 5 feet. Perfusion fluid was allowed to exit through an incision in the right atrium. Adequacy of the perfusion was determined by homogenous blanching of the intestine and liver. The section of bowel that was initially rinsed was washed with 10 ml of 1× CMF buffer containing 2 µg/ml leupeptin, 2 µg/ml aprotinin, 2 µg/ml bestatin, 2 µg/ml pepstatin A, and 0.2 mmphenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride to collect epithelial cells. The cells were washed twice with 1× CMF containing proteinase inhibitors. Nuclear proteins were then isolated from the epithelial cell suspension using the same method as previously described for cells in culture (6Traber P.G. Wu G.D. Wang W. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1992; 12: 3614-3627Crossref PubMed Scopus (114) Google Scholar). Following each intestinal perfusion, the isolated epithelium was stained with trypan blue to examine cell integrity. Cell isolates with greater than 5% trypan blue-positive cells, indicating disrupted membranes, were discarded. Nuclear proteins were isolated from Caco-2 cells or intestinal epithelial cells (see above), and EMSA was performed exactly as described previously (8Suh E. Chen L. Taylor J. Traber P.G. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1994; 14: 7340-7351Crossref PubMed Scopus (383) Google Scholar). HNF-1α affinity-purified goat polyclonal antibody raised against a peptide mapping to the carboxyl terminus of human HNF-1α (Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc., Santa Cruz, CA) and HNF-1β affinity-purified rabbit polyclonal antibody raised against a peptide mapping to the N terminus of human HNF-1β 2F. Boudreau and P. G. Traber, unpublished results. were used for supershift experiments. For Western blot analysis, 20 µg of total protein extract was analyzed by a 4–12% Bis-Tris NuPAGE (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA) electrophoresis and transferred to an Immobilon-P membrane. The membrane was blocked with 10% nonfat dry milk in phosphate-buffered saline and 0.1% Tween for overnight. The membrane was then incubated for 3 h with the primary antibody. The following antibodies were used: HNF-1 affinity-purified rabbit polyclonal antibody raised against a peptide mapping to amino acids 80–284 of human HNF-1α that reacts with HNF-1α and HNF-1β proteins (H-205, Santa Cruz Biotechnology) and Cdx2 affinity-purified rabbit polyclonal antibody raised against a peptide mapping to the N terminus of murine Cdx2. 3E. H. H. M. Rings and P. G. Traber, unpublished results. The membrane was washed two times in phosphate-buffered saline with 0.1% Tween and incubated with the secondary antibody anti-rabbit/horseradish peroxidase (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech) for 45 min at room temperature. The membrane was then washed three times and developed with the ECL-Plus Western blotting kit (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech). For immunohistochemistry, tissues were fixed in 10% buffered formalin phosphate (Fisher) and embedded in paraffin in Swiss roll orientation such that the entire length of the intestinal tract could be identified on a single section. Tissue sections were stained for hGH protein and counterstained with eosin as described previously (1Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Birkenmeier E.H. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1993; 265: G526-G539PubMed Google Scholar, 2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar, 3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). RNA was extracted from multiple tissues using a CsCl gradient method as previously described (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar) or from cultured cells using TRIzol (Life Technologies, Inc.). Ribonuclease (RNase) protection assays were performed using the RPA II kit (Ambion, Austin, TX) according to the manufacturer's recommendations. Riboprobes for the detection of human SI and hGH mRNA were prepared as previously described (1Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Birkenmeier E.H. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1993; 265: G526-G539PubMed Google Scholar). The riboprobe for the detection of hHNF-1α was prepared by digesting pGEM-hHNF-1α with XhoI, and transcripts were synthesized using SP6 RNA polymerase to yield a probe that protects a 326-bp region located in the 3′-noncoding region of the hHNF-1α cDNA. As a control for total RNA integrity, human and mouse riboprobes for the detection of the ribosomal protein 36B4 mRNA (18Clifford J. Chiba H. Sobieszczuk D. Metzger D. Chambon P. EMBO J. 1996; 15: 4142-4155Crossref PubMed Scopus (131) Google Scholar) were synthesized. h36B4 riboprobe was prepared by digesting pGEM-h36B4 with SacII and with SP6 RNA polymerase to yield a probe that protected 113 nt. m36B4 riboprobe was prepared by digesting KS-m36B4 with HindIII and transcribed with T7 RNA polymerase to yield a probe that protected 132 nt. Northern blot was performed as described elsewhere (19Boudreau F., Yu, S.J. Asselin C. DNA Cell Biol. 1998; 17: 669-677Crossref PubMed Scopus (22) Google Scholar). NotI-XhoI mouse HNF-1β cDNA fragment digested from pBJ5-HNF-1β plasmid (16Mendel D.B. Hansen L.P. Graves M.K. Conley P.B. Crabtree G.R. Genes Dev. 1991; 5: 1042-1056Crossref PubMed Scopus (251) Google Scholar) was used to detect the human HNF-1β mRNA, since comparison of cDNA nucleotide sequences showed more than 91% homology. h36B4 was used as a control for RNA integrity. Transfections were performed using LipofectAMINE (Life Technologies) according to the manufacturer's recommendations. Cells at 50–60% confluence were incubated with 1.5 µg of total DNA and 2.5 µl of LipofectAMINE/ml of OPTI-MEM for 5 h. The medium was then changed to Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium complete medium containing 10% fetal bovine serum. For transient transfections, luciferase activity was determined 48 h after the transfection using the luciferase assay kit (Promega Biotech, Madison, WI). Each experiment was repeated three times in triplicate. pCMV-β-galactosidase expression vector was co-transfected in each experiment as a measure of transfection efficiency, and the results were reported as light units per unit of β-galactosidase. For stable transfections, Caco-2/15 cells were trypsinized 48 h following transfection and maintained in selection medium containing 1 mg/ml G418. To evaluate the functional role of the SIF3 element in the regulation of the SI gene in the intact mouse intestinal epithelium, we designed transgenic constructs harboring point mutations within this element that linked nucleotides −8.5 to +54 of the mSI gene to the hGH reporter gene (Fig.1A). The wild-type construct supports hGH expression in enterocytes of transgenic mice and has been shown to direct copy number-dependent and insertion site-independent transgene expression in multiple trangenic lines (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar). The SIF3m mutation has been previously shown to abolish in vitro interaction with HNF-1 proteins (10Wu G.D. Chen L. Forslund K. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17080-17085Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Four founders (numbers 17, 28, 29, and 41) derived from the construct −8.5 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH were found to have 1, 31, 7, and 10 copies of the transgene integrated into their genome, respectively (data not shown). The effect of the SIF3 mutation on hGH expression in these transgenic lines was compared with the previously characterized F0(17)F1(32) transgenic line that contained five copies of the wild-type −8.5 to +54 mSI-hGH transgene construct (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar). Total RNA isolated from different portions of the intestine was analyzed by a RNase protection assay. Each RNA sample was incubated with probes for hGH and an internal control (36B4) in the same hybridization solution in order to correlate hGH mRNA levels among these different lines. The wild-type F0(17)F1(32) transgene line showed high level expression of hGH in the small intestine (Fig. 1 B), as previously reported (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar). In contrast, the expression of hGH mRNA in the transgenic lines carrying the mutant construct was reduced by more than 95% in the duodenum and proximal and distal jejunum offounders 17, 29, and 41 and by 85% in founder 28 as compared with the expression found in the wild-type transgene line (Fig. 1, B–D). Expression levels were similarly decreased in the ileum, although the pattern was somewhat more variable (Fig.1 D). No hGH expression was detected in transgenic lines harboring the same SIF3 mutation within a shorter −201 to +54 mSI/hGH transgene as compared with the wild type short transgene (data not shown). To verify the cellular distribution of hGH expression in the −8.5 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH transgenic lines, immunodetection was performed. Intestinal sections obtained from offspring of transgenic mice containing the wild-type transgene construct showed high level expression of hGH in differentiated enterocytes of the small intestine (Fig. 2A). In contrast, weak expression was detected in enterocytes randomly distributed along the proximal jejunum villi from offspring of founders 28 and 41, as illustrated in Fig. 2, B and C. Expression was restricted to the proximal jejunum with no detectable hGH protein throughout the entire small bowel as opposed to the wild-type transgenic control (data not shown) (2Markowitz A.J. Wu G.D. Bader A. Cui Z. Chen L. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1995; 269: G925-G939PubMed Google Scholar). In summary, the data obtained from these transgenic constructs demonstrate a crucial role for the SIF3 element to regulate SI promoter activity in the small intestinal epithelium. The molecular mechanisms involved in the SIF3-dependent regulation of SI gene expression was further examined in the Caco-2 cell line, which has been extensively used as a model of enterocytic differentiation (20Menard D. Beaulieu J.-F. Bkaily G. Membranes Physiopathology. Kluwer Academic Press, Norwell, MA1994: 319-341Google Scholar, 21Pinto M. Robine-Leon S. Appay M.-D. Kedinger M. Triadou N. Dussaulx E. Lacroix B. Simon-Assmann P. Haffen K. Fogh J. Zweibaum A. Biol. Cell. 1983; 47: 323-330Google Scholar, 22Zweibaum A. Chantret I. Smith M.W. Sepulveda F.V. Adaptation and Development of Gastrointestinal Function. Manchester University Press, Manchester, United Kingdom1989: 103Google Scholar). We used the Caco-2/15 clone derived from the parent Caco-2 cell line that spontaneously differentiates in postconfluence with concomitant high induction of SI expression (23Beaulieu J.F. Quaroni A. Biochem. J. 1991; 280: 599-608Crossref PubMed Scopus (134) Google Scholar). We investigated the role of the SIF3 element to regulate SI promoter activity during Caco-2 cell differentiation. The constructs −8.5 to +54 mSI-hGH and −8.5 to +54 SIF3m mSI-hGH were co-transfected with a neomycin resistance expression vector (pRC/CMV) to stably transfect Caco-2/15 cells. As a control, Caco-2/15 cells were co-transfected with the empty hGH reporter and pRC/CMV. Because of the heterogeneous properties of Caco-2 cell lines with regards to SI expression (24Vachon P.H. Beaulieu J.F. Gastroenterology. 1992; 103: 414-423Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (0) Google Scholar), the entire neomycin-resistant population was used for further analysis. Expression of human SI, hGH, and h36B4 was determined in RNA samples isolated at different times of cell confluence. Expression of the −8.5 to +54 mSI-hGH construct increased in a similar manner to endogenous human SI mRNA during cellular differentiation (Fig.3A). In contrast to the wild-type construct, the SIF3 mutant construct showed stable levels of hGH expression at postconfluent stages as demonstrated in day 7 and 14 samples (Fig. 3 A). The level of hGH expression in the preconfluent state was comparable with the level detected in Caco-2/15 co-transfected with the empty vector, suggesting that the SI promoter is transcriptionally inactive in preconfluent cells (Fig. 3). We next examined the pattern of nuclear protein interaction with the SIF3 element during mouse intestinal development. To obtain high quality nondegraded protein, we performed a whole-body perfusion to isolate enterocytes and extract nuclear proteins from mouse intestines at different time points throughout the suckling-weaning transition. To ensure that our method isolated both crypt- and villus-associated cells, we isolated mRNA from the epithelial cells, and the expression of specific intestinal epithelial genes was examined by Northern analysis. We found that both SI (villus marker) and cryptdin (crypt marker) mRNAs were found in cell extracts (data not shown). Therefore, both crypt and villus cells were represented in the epithelial cell preparations. EMSA was then performed using a labeled SIF3 DNA probe, and equal amounts of nuclear extracts from intestinal epithelial cell pools were collected at different time before and after weaning. The SIF3 element produced two specific complexes that were competed by the addition of a 100-fold excess of unlabeled SIF3 oligonucleotides (Fig. 4A). Although both complexes were detected at each time points during intestinal development, the relative intensity of the two complexes varied. The lower complex (labeled B in Fig. 4 A) was more abundant than the upper complex (A) at postnatal day 13, a time at which SI mRNA is just detectable (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). By postnatal day 19, the ratio of A to B complexes shifted, resulting in more abundant complex A relative to B. Importantly, this period of time coincides with dramatic induction of SI mRNA levels in the small bowel (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar). The change in ratio of these complexes was further amplified in adult mice (Fig. 4 A). Analysis of nuclear extracts binding to the mouse SIF2 element showed no specific DNA-protein interaction during mouse intestinal development. A similar analysis was then performed using the labeled SIF3 DNA probe and an equal amount of nuclear extracts prepared from preconfluent and postconfluent Caco-2 cells. The SIF3 element produced two protein-DNA complexes (A andB in Fig. 4 B), both of which were eliminated by competition with a 10-fold excess of unlabeled SIF3 oligonucleotides. The intensity of complex A increased at postconfluent day 7 with a simultaneous decrease in intensity of complex B, a pattern that was maintained at postconfluent day 14 (Fig. 4 B). The addition of affinity-purified polyclonal HNF-1α antibodies to the binding reaction supershifted both complex A and complex B, while HNF-1β antibodies supershifted only complex B, confirming that complex A is composed of HNF-1α homodimers and complex B is composed of HNF-1α/HNF-1β heterodimers (Fig. 4 C). These observations suggested that HNF-1 isoforms are differentially regulated during the suckling-weaning transition and Caco-2 cell differentiation. Therefore, we examined the expression of HNF-1α and HNF-1β mRNA at different times during Caco-2 cell growth and differentiation. RNase protection assay performed with specific hHNF-1α and h36B4 probes showed no significant change in HNF-1α mRNA levels in comparison with 36B4 mRNA levels before or after Caco-2 cell confluence (Fig.5A). However, HNF-1β mRNA levels were reduced more than 3-fold at postconfluence as determined by Northern analysis (Fig. 5 B). Immunoblots were performed to test whether changes in protein expression correlated with RNA expression of these isoforms during Caco-2 cell differentiation. No major change in HNF-1α protein level was observed before or after Caco-2 cell differentiation (Fig. 5 C). However, HNF-1β protein level was decreased more than 2.5-fold at postconfluence (Fig.5 C). Interestingly, CDX2 protein content was not significantly modified during Caco-2 cell differentiation (Fig.5 C).Figure 5Expression of HNF-1 α and HNF-1 β during Caco-2 cell differentiation. A, total RNA was extracted at different days of Caco2 cell confluence (PC, preconfluent;C, confluent; +7, 7 days after confluence; +14, 14 days after confluence). RPA was performed using hHNF1α and h36B4 riboprobes. B, Northern analysis was performed using sequentially a mouse HNF1β 32P-labeled cDNA probe and a h36B4 32P-labeled cDNA probe as a control for total RNA loading. C, Western blot analysis was performed using HNF-1 and Cdx2 polyclonal antibodies on similar amounts of total protein extracted at different days of Caco2 cell confluence.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload (PPT) We then evaluated whether changes in the relative levels of HNF-1 isoforms have a functional effect on the regulation of SI gene transcription. Co-transfection of an HNF-1α expression vector with the −201 to +54 SI promoter construct produced an increase in transcriptional activity of the SI promoter construct in Caco-2 cells (Fig. 6A). In contrast, expression of HNF-1β led to minimal activation of the construct (Fig.6 A). A point mutation in the SIF3 element that abolishes binding of HNF-1 proteins to the site (10Wu G.D. Chen L. Forslund K. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17080-17085Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) eliminated the positive effect of HNF-1α on the SI promoter (Fig. 6 A). We then tested whether HNF-1β could counter the positive effect of HNF-1α. High amounts of HNF-1β expression vector resulted in decreased activation of the SI promoter construct when a constant amount of HNF-1α was maintained (Fig. 6 B). Nuclear complexes binding to the SIF3 element reflected the increased ratio of HNF-1β to HNF-1α in these co-transfection experiments where the HNF-1α homodimer complex decreased with associated augmentation in both HNF-1α/HNF-1β heterodimer and HNF-1β homodimer complexes (Fig.6 C). Both HNF-1α homodimer and heterodimer complexes were detected in the condition where HNF-1β was co-transfected alone (Fig.6 C, third lane), since Caco2 cells express both endogenous HNF-1α and HNF-1β proteins (Fig.5 C). These results confirm that the ratio of HNF-1 proteins binding to the SIF3 element is critical in the regulation of the SI promoter in intestinal epithelial cells. The epithelium lining the intestine undergoes a complex series of developmental transitions that result in the functional adult intestinal mucosa. Examination of the mechanisms that direct expression of developmentally regulated genes provides a better understanding of these developmental processes. In postnatal development, the suckling-weaning transition is marked by profound changes in intestinal gene expression and epithelial cell function. During this time, there is a marked induction of SI expression, which parallels other important developmental transitions in the intestine and therefore has served as a model for elucidating molecular regulation of developmental events (25Traber P.G. Phil. Trans. R. Soc. Lond. B Biol. Sci. 1998; 353: 911-914Crossref PubMed Scopus (12) Google Scholar). Our results show that one cis-acting DNA regulatory element is critically important to support SI gene transcription during postnatal development and intestinal epithelial cell differentiation. Moreover, the activity of this regulatory site is dependent on the relative amounts of two related transcription factors, HNF-1α and HNF-1β. Previous work from our laboratory has suggested a role for HNF-1 transcription factors to regulate human SI promoter activity (10Wu G.D. Chen L. Forslund K. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17080-17085Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). The use of human nuclear extracts isolated from intestinal cell lines has led to the identification of two different elements, SIF2 and SIF3, both interacting with HNF-1 proteins (6Traber P.G. Wu G.D. Wang W. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1992; 12: 3614-3627Crossref PubMed Scopus (114) Google Scholar, 10Wu G.D. Chen L. Forslund K. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17080-17085Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Mutation of the SIF3 element strongly reduced mouse SI promoter activity in transgenic mice and Caco-2 cells. HNF-1α-dependent induction of SI promoter activity was strongly reduced when the SIF3 element was disrupted in co-transfection experiments. The current studies show that the SIF2 element is not functionally important for the mouse SI promoter. No specific interaction was found with mouse intestinal nuclear extracts and the mouse SIF2 element, most likely because the second half of the mouse SIF2 element (AACATT) differs from the HNF-1 consensus site (ATTAAC). Moreover, there is one nucleotide difference between the human and mouse genes in the first half-region of the element. Therefore, we conclude that the SIF3 regulatory region solely interacts with HNF1 proteins to regulate mouse SI gene expression at the suckling-weaning transition. The increase of the HNF-1α homodimer complex that binds to the SIF3 regulatory element correlates very well with the induction of SI gene expression both at the suckling-weaning transition (3Tung J. Markowitz A.J. Silberg D.G. Traber P.G. Am. J. Physiol. 1997; 273: G83-G92PubMed Google Scholar) and during Caco-2 cell differentiation. Changes in the binding activity of HNF-1α during Caco-2 cell differentiation have also been observed for specific elements found in the human α1-antitrypsin promoter (26Hu C. Perlmutter D.H. Am. J. Physiol. 1999; 276: G1181-G1194PubMed Google Scholar). In this study, Northern analysis showed an increase in the HNF-1α mRNA level during Caco-2 cell differentiation (26Hu C. Perlmutter D.H. Am. J. Physiol. 1999; 276: G1181-G1194PubMed Google Scholar). We were unable to detect significant change in HNF-1α mRNA and protein levels with the use of two different Caco-2 cell lines. Differences in the nature of the probe and methods used to detect the messenger RNA may explain this discrepancy. The mechanisms involved in the regulation of HNF-1 dimerization and interaction with the chromatin in intestinal epithelial cells must be complex and will require additional studies. One explanation for the increase in HNF-1α homodimers without any important change in HNF-1α protein content is that the decrease in the ratio of HNF-1β to HNF-1α proteins would lead to a redistribution in the composition of HNF1 complexes that interact with the SIF3 element of the SI promoter. There are major differences in the transactivation domains of HNF-1 proteins (16Mendel D.B. Hansen L.P. Graves M.K. Conley P.B. Crabtree G.R. Genes Dev. 1991; 5: 1042-1056Crossref PubMed Scopus (251) Google Scholar). HNF-1β has a positive transcriptional effect on some binding sites such as those in albumin and α-fetoprotein (27Rey-Campos J. Chouard T. Yaniv M. Cereghini S. EMBO J. 1991; 10: 1445-1457Crossref PubMed Scopus (241) Google Scholar) or more commonly no functional effect at all, such as in the β-fibrinogen promoter (16Mendel D.B. Hansen L.P. Graves M.K. Conley P.B. Crabtree G.R. Genes Dev. 1991; 5: 1042-1056Crossref PubMed Scopus (251) Google Scholar) and the CYP2E1 promoter (28Liu S.Y. Gonzalez F.J. DNA Cell Biol. 1995; 14: 285-293Crossref PubMed Scopus (76) Google Scholar). It has been demonstrated that the relative abundance of both HNF-1 proteins can affect vitamin-D-binding protein gene transcription (29Song Y.H. Ray K. Liebhaber S.A. Cooke N.E. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 28408-28418Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (47) Google Scholar). The inhibitory effect of HNF-1β on HNF-1α has been suggested to be dependent on several DNA binding sites where HNF-1β acts as a trans-dominant inhibitor of HNF1-mediated enhancer activity (29Song Y.H. Ray K. Liebhaber S.A. Cooke N.E. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 28408-28418Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (47) Google Scholar). The mechanism by which HNF-1β reduces HNF-1α transactivation of the mouse SI promoter may be more complex, since a single DNA interacting site is involved. The transactivation properties of HNF-1α have been shown to rely on physical interactions with multiple coactivator proteins such as CREB-binding protein and CBP-associated factor (30Soutoglou E. Papafotiou G. Katrakili N. Talianidis I. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 12515-12520Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (117) Google Scholar). Interestingly, the region of HNF-1α necessary to interact with the CBP-associated factor protein is absent in the HNF-1β protein (30Soutoglou E. Papafotiou G. Katrakili N. Talianidis I. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 12515-12520Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (117) Google Scholar). Changes in the binding of HNF-1 complexes cannot fully explain the specificity of SI expression in the mature enterocyte, since HNF-1α is more abundant than HNF-1β in tissues where the SI gene is not expressed (16Mendel D.B. Hansen L.P. Graves M.K. Conley P.B. Crabtree G.R. Genes Dev. 1991; 5: 1042-1056Crossref PubMed Scopus (251) Google Scholar). Furthermore, SI promoter activity is equally detected in the mutant SIF3 and the wild-type mSI reporter constructs at the onset of Caco-2 cell differentiation when SI mRNA expression becomes detectable (Fig. 6). The SIF1 DNA regulatory element is crucial for regulation of the SI promoter in cell lines (6Traber P.G. Wu G.D. Wang W. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1992; 12: 3614-3627Crossref PubMed Scopus (114) Google Scholar, 7Wu G.D. Wang W. Traber P.G. J. Biol. Chem. 1992; 267: 7863-7870Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). The element contains two binding sites for Cdx proteins, which are able to activate SI promoter transcription via binding to this site. The Cdx regulatory element is likely to be involved in the specificity of SI gene expression in intestinal epithelial cells, because Cdx2 homeodomain protein regulates both proliferation and differentiation of intestinal epithelial cells (31Suh E. Traber P.G. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1996; 16: 619-625Crossref PubMed Scopus (453) Google Scholar) and is restricted to the intestinal epithelium during mouse postnatal development (32Silberg D.G. Swain G.P. Suh E.R. Traber P.G. Gastroenterology. 2000; 119: 961-971Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (516) Google Scholar). A close interaction between Cdx2 and HNF-1 proteins represents an interesting hypothesis for the spatial and time-dependent regulation of SI gene expression during postnatal development. Such an interaction has been suggested to promote lactase transcriptional activity as demonstrated by in vitro studies (33Mitchelmore C. Troelsen J.T. Spodsberg N. Sjostrom H. Noren O. Biochem. J. 2000; 346: 529-535Crossref PubMed Scopus (105) Google Scholar). In summary, we have showed that the SIF3 cis-acting element is crucial to positively regulate an intestinal specific gene promoterin vivo. We propose that the SIF3 element maintains a pivotal role in the control of SI promoter activity where binding of a predominant HNF-1α homodimer complex promotes the interaction of intestine-specific transcription factors and co-factors with the promoter. Future studies on the in vivo interaction of HNF-1, Cdx2, and co-factors during postnatal development will provide insights to elucidate the molecular mechanisms involved in the regulation of intestine-specific gene expression. We thank Drs. Debra G. Silberg and Eun Ran Suh for critical review of the manuscript.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(13/38)
TITLE: DNA Accelerates the Inhibition of Human Cathepsin V by Serpins
ABSTRACT: A balance between proteolytic activity and protease inhibition is crucial to the appropriate function of many biological processes. There is mounting evidence for the presence of both papain-like cysteine proteases and serpins with a corresponding inhibitory activity in the nucleus. Well characterized examples of cofactors fine tuning serpin activity in the extracellular milieu are known, but such modulation has not been studied for protease-serpin interactions within the cell. Accordingly, we present an investigation into the effect of a DNA-rich environment on the interaction between model serpins (MENT and SCCA-1), cysteine proteases (human cathepsin V and human cathepsin L), and cystatin A. DNA was indeed found to accelerate the rate at which MENT inhibited cathepsin V, a human orthologue of mammalian cathepsin L, up to 50-fold, but unexpectedly this effect was primarily effected via the protease and secondarily by the recruitment of the DNA as a "template" onto which cathepsin V and MENT are bound. Notably, the protease-mediated effect was found to correspond both with an altered substrate turnover and a conformational change within the protease. Consistent with this, cystatin inhibition, which relies on occlusion of the active site rather than the substrate-like behavior of serpins, was unaltered by DNA. This represents the first example of modulation of serpin inhibition of cysteine proteases by a co-factor and reveals a mechanism for differential regulation of cathepsin proteolytic activity in a DNA-rich environment. A balance between proteolytic activity and protease inhibition is crucial to the appropriate function of many biological processes. There is mounting evidence for the presence of both papain-like cysteine proteases and serpins with a corresponding inhibitory activity in the nucleus. Well characterized examples of cofactors fine tuning serpin activity in the extracellular milieu are known, but such modulation has not been studied for protease-serpin interactions within the cell. Accordingly, we present an investigation into the effect of a DNA-rich environment on the interaction between model serpins (MENT and SCCA-1), cysteine proteases (human cathepsin V and human cathepsin L), and cystatin A. DNA was indeed found to accelerate the rate at which MENT inhibited cathepsin V, a human orthologue of mammalian cathepsin L, up to 50-fold, but unexpectedly this effect was primarily effected via the protease and secondarily by the recruitment of the DNA as a "template" onto which cathepsin V and MENT are bound. Notably, the protease-mediated effect was found to correspond both with an altered substrate turnover and a conformational change within the protease. Consistent with this, cystatin inhibition, which relies on occlusion of the active site rather than the substrate-like behavior of serpins, was unaltered by DNA. This represents the first example of modulation of serpin inhibition of cysteine proteases by a co-factor and reveals a mechanism for differential regulation of cathepsin proteolytic activity in a DNA-rich environment. The papain-like cysteine protease, cathepsin L, has long been known as a degradative enzyme of endocytic organelles of mammalian cells, participating in the important role of protein turnover and antigen processing in these compartments (1Brix K. Linke M. Tepel C. Herzog V. Biol. Chem. 2001; 382: 717-725Crossref PubMed Scopus (75) Google Scholar, 2Reinheckel T. Deussing J. Roth W. Peters C. Biol. Chem. 2001; 382: 735-741PubMed Google Scholar). Cathepsin L is also associated with an endosomal processing step during invasion of the cell by the Ebola virus (3Chandran K. Sullivan N.J. Felbor U. Whelan S.P. Cunningham J.M. Science. 2005; 308: 1643-1645Crossref PubMed Scopus (680) Google Scholar), the SARS coronavirus (4Simmons G. Gosalia D.N. Rennekamp A.J. Reeves J.D. Diamond S.L. Bates P. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2005; 102: 11876-11881Crossref PubMed Scopus (755) Google Scholar), and the murine hepatitis coronavirus (5Qiu Z. Hingley S.T. Simmons G. Yu C. Sarma Das J. Bates P. Weiss S.R. J. Virol. 2006; 80: 5768-5776Crossref PubMed Scopus (121) Google Scholar). Gene duplication in primates has given rise to two isoforms of this protein, termed cathepsin L and cathepsin V (6Rossi A. Deveraux Q. Turk B. Sali A. Biol. Chem. 2004; 385: 363-372Crossref PubMed Scopus (122) Google Scholar); an abnormal skin phenotype exhibited by mice lacking the cathepsin L gene was rescued by a transgenic strain bearing human cathepsin V but not human cathepsin L (7Hagemann S. Gunther T. Dennemarker J. Lohmuller T. Bromme D. Schule R. Peters C. Reinheckel T. Eur. J. Cell Biol. 2004; 83: 775-780Crossref PubMed Scopus (47) Google Scholar), suggesting specific and distinct roles for these isoenzymes. Recently, an internally translated form of murine cathepsin L with a shortened preproregion was shown to traffic to the nucleus (8Goulet B. Baruch A. Moon N.S. Poirier M. Sansregret L.L. Erickson A. Bogyo M. Nepveu A. Mol. Cell. 2004; 14: 207-219Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (303) Google Scholar). Nuclear murine cathepsin L was able to cleave the transcription factor CDP/Cux and thereby influence progression through the cell cycle (8Goulet B. Baruch A. Moon N.S. Poirier M. Sansregret L.L. Erickson A. Bogyo M. Nepveu A. Mol. Cell. 2004; 14: 207-219Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (303) Google Scholar). These studies and others (9Turk V. Turk B. Turk D. EMBO J. 2001; 20: 4629-4633Crossref PubMed Scopus (640) Google Scholar, 10Vasiljeva O. Papazoglou A. Kruger A. Brodoefel H. Korovin M. Deussing J. Augustin N. Nielsen B.S. Almholt K. Bogyo M. Peters C. Reinheckel T. Cancer Res. 2006; 66: 5242-5250Crossref PubMed Scopus (293) Google Scholar, 11Baici A. Muntener K. Willimann A. Zwicky R. Biol. Chem. 2006; 387: 1017-1021Crossref PubMed Scopus (33) Google Scholar, 12Szpaderska A.M. Frankfater A. Cancer Res. 2001; 61: 3493-3500PubMed Google Scholar), have begun to uncover a hitherto unsuspected role for cathepsins outside endocytic compartments. Further, the observation that these cathepsins are unstable at neutral pH and hence that their proteolytic activity should be confined to acidic organelles of the cell has been shown to be an artifact of buffer choice in in vitro experiments (11Baici A. Muntener K. Willimann A. Zwicky R. Biol. Chem. 2006; 387: 1017-1021Crossref PubMed Scopus (33) Google Scholar, 12Szpaderska A.M. Frankfater A. Cancer Res. 2001; 61: 3493-3500PubMed Google Scholar, 13Dehrmann F.M. Coetzer T.H. Pike R.N. Dennison C. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 1995; 324: 93-98Crossref PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar, 14Friedrichs B. Tepel C. Reinheckel T. Deussing J. von Figura K. Herzog V. Peters C. Saftig P. Brix K. J. Clin. Invest. 2003; 111: 1733-1745Crossref PubMed Scopus (192) Google Scholar). It is clear that in conditions mimicking physiological pH and ionic strength, these enzymes retain activity for longer than previously thought (13Dehrmann F.M. Coetzer T.H. Pike R.N. Dennison C. Arch. Biochem. Biophys. 1995; 324: 93-98Crossref PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar, 14Friedrichs B. Tepel C. Reinheckel T. Deussing J. von Figura K. Herzog V. Peters C. Saftig P. Brix K. J. Clin. Invest. 2003; 111: 1733-1745Crossref PubMed Scopus (192) Google Scholar, 15Irving J.A. Shushanov S.S. Pike R.N. Popova E.Y. Bromme D. Coetzer T.H. Bottomley S.P. Boulynko I.A. Grigoryev S.A. Whisstock J.C. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 13192-13201Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (85) Google Scholar, 16Tepel C. Bromme D. Herzog V. Brix K. J. Cell Sci. 2000; 113: 4487-4498Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Accordingly, human cathepsin L is also able to play an important role in tumor metastasis in the extracellular milieu, where overexpression of this protein leads to misdirected trafficking to the cell surface via the secretory pathway (for a review, see Ref. 17Mohamed M.M. Sloane B.F. Nat. Rev. Cancer. 2006; 6: 764-775Crossref PubMed Scopus (1025) Google Scholar). The means by which a protease is regulated is integral to its biological role. The presence of cathepsins in the nucleus almost certainly necessitates a corresponding inhibitor of nuclear cathepsin activity. We have shown that MENT (myeloid and erythrocyte nuclear termination stage-specific protein), a serpin predominantly localized to the nucleus of avian cells, is capable of inhibiting human cathepsins L and V in vitro (15Irving J.A. Shushanov S.S. Pike R.N. Popova E.Y. Bromme D. Coetzer T.H. Bottomley S.P. Boulynko I.A. Grigoryev S.A. Whisstock J.C. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 13192-13201Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (85) Google Scholar). MENT was originally identified as a chromatin remodeling protein in the nucleus of terminally differentiated avian granulocytes and erythrocytes (18Grigoryev S.A. Woodcock C.L. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 3082-3089Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (52) Google Scholar). Accordingly, it also has the ability to bind DNA (19McGowan S. Buckle A.M. Irving J.A. Ong P.C. Bashtannyk-Puhalovich T.A. Kan W.T. Henderson K.N. Bulynko Y.A. Popova E.Y. Smith A.I. Bottomley S.P. Rossjohn J. Grigoryev S.A. Pike R.N. Whisstock J.C. EMBO J. 2006; 25: 3144-3155Crossref PubMed Scopus (43) Google Scholar) and can effectively condense chromatin both in vivo and in vitro (15Irving J.A. Shushanov S.S. Pike R.N. Popova E.Y. Bromme D. Coetzer T.H. Bottomley S.P. Boulynko I.A. Grigoryev S.A. Whisstock J.C. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 13192-13201Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (85) Google Scholar, 18Grigoryev S.A. Woodcock C.L. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 3082-3089Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (52) Google Scholar, 19McGowan S. Buckle A.M. Irving J.A. Ong P.C. Bashtannyk-Puhalovich T.A. Kan W.T. Henderson K.N. Bulynko Y.A. Popova E.Y. Smith A.I. Bottomley S.P. Rossjohn J. Grigoryev S.A. Pike R.N. Whisstock J.C. EMBO J. 2006; 25: 3144-3155Crossref PubMed Scopus (43) Google Scholar, 20Springhetti E.M. Istomina N.E. Whisstock J.C. Nikitina T. Woodcock C.L. Grigoryev S.A. J. Biol. Chem. 2003; 278: 43384-43393Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (45) Google Scholar). Furthermore, the human cysteine protease-inhibiting serpin, SCCA-1 (squamous cell carcinoma antigen-1), has also been shown to localize to the nucleus of certain cell types (21Katagiri C. Nakanishi J. Kadoya K. Hibino T. J. Cell Biol. 2006; 172: 983-990Crossref PubMed Scopus (66) Google Scholar). The serpin inhibitory mechanism relies on conformational change, and several serpins, most notably the plasma serpins, antithrombin and heparin cofactor II (22Huntington J.A. Trends Biochem. Sci. 2006; 31: 427-435Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (122) Google Scholar), become more efficient protease inhibitors in the presence of a bound cofactor. Further, certain proteases also bind cofactors to mediate interactions with substrates and serpin-like inhibitors (22Huntington J.A. Trends Biochem. Sci. 2006; 31: 427-435Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (122) Google Scholar, 23Huntington J.A. Pannu N.S. Hazes B. Read R.J. Lomas D.A. Carrell R.W. J. Mol. Biol. 1999; 293: 449-455Crossref PubMed Scopus (118) Google Scholar). Thus, given the observation that both papain-like cysteine proteases and serpins can occur in the nucleus, we have investigated whether the interaction between serpins and the papain-like cysteine proteases are influenced by DNA. Our data reveal that, in the presence of DNA, cathepsin V is inhibited 10–50-fold more rapidly by serpins due to both a change in the enzyme and templating effects of longer DNA molecules with DNA-binding serpins. We show that this effect is most likely mediated via a structural change in the protease. Further, for serpins that interact with DNA, we show that a templating effect is also apparent. Together, our data suggest that nuclear cathepsins may be preferentially primed by DNA for inhibition by nuclear serpins. Inhibitors, Enzymes, Substrates, DNA, and Buffers—The MENT protein was expressed and purified as described previously (19McGowan S. Buckle A.M. Irving J.A. Ong P.C. Bashtannyk-Puhalovich T.A. Kan W.T. Henderson K.N. Bulynko Y.A. Popova E.Y. Smith A.I. Bottomley S.P. Rossjohn J. Grigoryev S.A. Pike R.N. Whisstock J.C. EMBO J. 2006; 25: 3144-3155Crossref PubMed Scopus (43) Google Scholar). MENT concentration was determined using absorbance at 280 nm with reference to the predicted extinction coefficient (0.805/mg ml-1). SCCA-1 expressed in Escherichia coli was a kind gift from Dr. Ruby Law (Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Monash University). Stefin A (cystatin A) was expressed in an E. coli system as described previously (24Jerala R. Zerovnik E. Lohner K. Turk V. Protein Eng. 1994; 7: 977-984Crossref PubMed Scopus (26) Google Scholar). Human cathepsins V and L were expressed in Pichia pastoris (system kindly donated by Dr. Dieter Bromme) and purified as described previously (25Bromme D. Li Z. Barnes M. Mehler E. Biochemistry. 1999; 38: 2377-2385Crossref PubMed Scopus (201) Google Scholar). All cathepsins were preactivated by incubation in cathepsin buffer (0.1 m acetate, 1 mm EDTA, 0.1% (w/v) Brij-35, 0.02% (w/v) sodium azide, 10 mm cysteine, pH 5.5) for at least 20 min at room temperature before use. The active enzyme concentration was determined with trans-epoxysuccinyl-l-leucylamido-(4-guanidino)-butane (E-64) (Sigma) titration. The DNA probes (Gene Works Pty. Ltd.) used in the enzymatic reactions and in electrophoretic mobility shift assays are described in supplemental Table 1. Determination of the Association Rate Constant (ka) for Serpin-Cysteine Protease Interaction in the Presence and Absence of Cofactors—The discontinuous method of determining ka values between serpins and papain-like cysteine protease was undertaken in the pH 5.5 cathepsin buffer at 30 °C using the well mode in a Fluorostar Galaxy plate reader (BMG Labtechnologies) with excitation/emission wavelengths of 370/460 nm. Residual activity of cathepsin V in the presence of ds65mer DNA had to be measured within 20 s, since the inhibition by MENT in the presence of DNA was essentially complete within 1 min. For any given assay, the enzyme concentration was held constant at 0.1 nm, whereas the serpin concentration was at least 5-fold higher, with the concentration varying between 0.5 and 60 nm (maximum of 5 nm serpin in the presence of DNA). The DNA concentrations for the discontinuous assays were usually 10 nm, at least 2-fold in excess over the serpin concentration. Following the addition of serpin to the protease in the presence or absence of cofactor, the residual protease activity at various time points was determined in a final volume of 200 μl of 40 μm N-benzyloxycarbonyl-Phe-Arg-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin substrate (Z-Phe-Arg-NHMec) 8The abbreviations used are:Z-Phe-Arg-NHMecN-benzyloxycarbonyl-Phe-Arg-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin substrateSIstoichiometry of inhibitiondsDNAdouble-stranded DNAds24-mer and ds65-merdouble-stranded 24- and 65-mer, respectively. (Sigma) in cathepsin buffer. Substrate turnover was monitored at 1-s intervals over a short period of time. The natural logarithm of the initial velocity was then plotted against the elapsed time since serpin addition, and the resulting relationship was quantitated using linear least squares regression in PRISM (GraphPad Software). The gradient of this line represents the observed rate of inhibition for a given concentration of serpin (-kobs). The association rate constant (ka (m-1 s-1)) was then calculated from the slope of a plot of -kobs values against inhibitor concentration. N-benzyloxycarbonyl-Phe-Arg-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin substrate stoichiometry of inhibition double-stranded DNA double-stranded 24- and 65-mer, respectively. Determination of the Stoichiometry of Inhibition (SI) in the Absence and Presence of Cofactors—For each assay, 50 μl of 20 nm activated cathepsin was mixed with a constant concentration of the cofactors that were used in the discontinuous kinetic assays for 5 min at 37 °C, followed by the addition of increasing concentrations of serpin. The mixture was then incubated at 37 °C for 20–45 min. The reactions were diluted 10-fold with cathepsin buffer, and 100 μl of 40 μm Z-Phe-Arg-NHMec substrate was added to each incubation mixture. The rate of increase in fluorescence, which is proportional to the amount of residual protease activity, was immediately monitored, and this value was plotted against the molar ratio of serpin to cathepsin using PRISM (GraphPad Software). The stoichiometry of inhibition was determined as the x intercept value calculated from linear regression analysis as previously described (26Schick C. Pemberton P.A. Shi G.P. Kamachi Y. Cataltepe S. Bartuski A.J. Gornstein E.R. Bromme D. Chapman H.A. Silverman G.A. Biochemistry. 1998; 37: 5258-5266Crossref PubMed Scopus (256) Google Scholar). Determination of Association Rate Constants for Cystatin A Inhibition of Cathepsin V—The ka value for cystatin A inhibition of cathepsin V was determined by continuously monitoring the rate of substrate cleavage by cathepsin V over a period of time in the presence of varying concentrations of cystatin A. Cathepsin V was preactivated at 37 °C for at least 15 min prior to performing the assay. In each assay, cathepsin V (0.05 nm), DNA (2 μm), and substrate (Z-Phe-Arg-NHMec) were kept constant. Cystatin concentrations were varied from 0 to 2 nm. Cystatin A was incubated with the substrate for 5 min at 30 °C before adding cathepsin V to the reaction mixture. Upon the addition of cathepsin V, the rate of substrate cleavage by cathepsin V was monitored continuously for 30 min. The data were collected and fitted using the equation described in Ref. 15Irving J.A. Shushanov S.S. Pike R.N. Popova E.Y. Bromme D. Coetzer T.H. Bottomley S.P. Boulynko I.A. Grigoryev S.A. Whisstock J.C. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 13192-13201Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (85) Google Scholar. The ka value was determined by taking into account substrate competition. Determination of Kinetic Constants for Cleavage of Z-Phe-Arg-AMC Substrate—The final concentrations of cathepsin V and ds65mer DNA were 0.1 and 10 nm, respectively, whereas final substrate concentrations ranged from 5 to 200 μm in cathepsin V buffer. Initial velocities were determined from the linear portion of the release of fluorescence, detected with excitation/emission wavelengths of 370/460 nm at 37 °C. Each experiment was performed in triplicate. Nonlinear regression of velocity against substrate concentration was performed with Graph Prism 3 according to the equation, v = Vmax[S]/Km + [S]. Electrophoretic Gel Mobility Shift Assay—DNA, at a final concentration of 0.5 μm, was used with serpin and cathepsin concentrations varied between 0 and 10 μm in buffer containing 10 mm HEPES, 0.5 mm EDTA, 40 mm NaCl, 0.1% (w/v) Brij-35, pH 7.0 and pH 5.5. The reactions were incubated for 15 min at room temperature before loading onto a 2% agarose I gel. Measurements of Change in Intrinsic Tryptophan Fluorescence of Cathepsins—Potential cofactor-induced conformational change in cathepsin V was studied by monitoring the intrinsic fluorescence changes of the enzymes in the presence and absence of cofactor. Cathepsin V (200 nm) was incubated with increasing amounts of the cofactor in cathepsin buffer in a final volume of 1 ml. An excitation wave-length of 295 nm was used, and the emission was scanned five times over the range of 300–400 nm at 100 nm/min, using excitation and emission slit widths of 8 nm. The emission spectrum of a buffer control (with or without DNA, as appropriate) was subtracted from the protein emission spectra. Fluorescence quenching experiments were performed in the presence and absence of 100 nm DNA (ds24mer) in cathepsin buffer using increasing concentrations of acrylamide (0–0.5 m). From the recorded titration spectra, the extent of quenching and the accessibility of tryptophan residues were calculated from Stern-Volmer plots as previously described by Lehrer (27Lehrer S.S. Biochemistry. 1971; 10: 3254-3263Crossref PubMed Scopus (1687) Google Scholar). The absorbance of samples at excitation and emission wavelengths was monitored in all experiments and did not exceed 0.01. dsDNA Accelerates the Interaction between Cathepsin V and MENT—A key indicator of the ability of a serpin to inhibit a protease is the association rate constant (ka), which reflects the overall rate of inhibition. MENT inhibits human cathepsins V and L with a ka value on the order of 105-106 m-1 s-1 (15Irving J.A. Shushanov S.S. Pike R.N. Popova E.Y. Bromme D. Coetzer T.H. Bottomley S.P. Boulynko I.A. Grigoryev S.A. Whisstock J.C. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 13192-13201Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (85) Google Scholar), showing it to be a very effective inhibitor of these enzymes (Fig. 1 and Table 1). The SI value reflects negligible nonproductive inhibitor turnover, with 1.1 molecules of inhibitor required to inhibit one molecule of cathepsin V protease (Table 1).TABLE 1Kinetic parameters of MENT, SCCA-1, and cystatin A in the presence of various DNA constructs All assays were performed in triplicate, S.E. values for each value reported were less than 10% of the value.Cathepsin VCathepsin LkaSIkaSIm–1 s–1m–1 s–1MENT No DNA7.2 × 1051.12.6 × 1061.4 Single-stranded 18-mer7.8 × 1051.3NDaND, not determinedND ds24-mer7.8 × 1061.3NDND ds65-mer3.7 × 1071.12.4 × 1061.2SCCA-1 No DNA7.2 × 1061.25.3 × 1061.5 ds24-mer>108NDNDND ds65-mer>1081.55.8 × 1061.5Cystatin A No DNA1.4 × 106NDNDND ds65-mer1.3 × 106NDNDNDa ND, not determined Open table in a new tab We tested the effect of the presence of several types of DNA on the inhibitory interaction between these molecules (Table 1). The rate of association between MENT and cathepsin L, as well as the SI, has previously been found to be unaffected by DNA (19McGowan S. Buckle A.M. Irving J.A. Ong P.C. Bashtannyk-Puhalovich T.A. Kan W.T. Henderson K.N. Bulynko Y.A. Popova E.Y. Smith A.I. Bottomley S.P. Rossjohn J. Grigoryev S.A. Pike R.N. Whisstock J.C. EMBO J. 2006; 25: 3144-3155Crossref PubMed Scopus (43) Google Scholar) (Table 1). In contrast, the presence of double stranded 24- and 65-mer (ds24- and ds65-mer) DNA accelerated the inhibition of cathepsin V by MENT by 10- and 50-fold, respectively, without altering the SI (Fig. 1 and Table 1). This effect was also found to be specific to dsDNA, since it was not observed in the presence of single-stranded oligonucleotides (Table 1). DNA Accelerates the Interaction between SCCA-1 and Cathepsin V—Since cathepsins V and L are orthologues of cathepsin L molecules in other mammals and 80% identical in sequence (25Bromme D. Li Z. Barnes M. Mehler E. Biochemistry. 1999; 38: 2377-2385Crossref PubMed Scopus (201) Google Scholar), it was surprising to find that DNA accelerated the interaction between MENT and human cathepsin V but did not affect the interaction with human cathepsin L. In order to determine whether the acceleration effect was mediated through the protease or the inhibitor, we examined the effect of DNA on the interaction between cathepsin V and the cysteine protease inhibiting serpin, SCCA-1. In contrast to MENT (28Grigoryev S.A. Solovieva V.O. Spirin K.S. Krasheninnikov I.A. Exp. Cell Res. 1992; 198: 268-275Crossref PubMed Scopus (30) Google Scholar), SCCA-1 is an acidic molecule that does not interact with DNA (Fig. 2A). Any observed effect would therefore be mediated via interaction with cathepsin V. The kinetic experiments revealed that, although SCCA-1 is unable to bind DNA, the ka value for SCCA-1 and cathepsin V was accelerated by ∼10-fold in the presence of ds65-mer DNA. The SI of the interaction was unaffected (Table 1). As in the MENT experiments, the interaction between SCCA-1 and cathepsin L was unaltered in the presence of ds65-mer DNA (Table 1). Together, these data suggest strongly that, contrary to our initial expectations, the DNA is exerting a major effect through the cathepsin V enzyme. Further, this effect is specific to cathepsin V, since serpin/protease interactions with cathepsin L were unaffected. Cathepsin V, but Not Cathepsin L, Interacts with DNA—In order to evaluate the mechanism underlying the increase in ka in the presence of DNA, we evaluated the interaction between DNA and the two cathepsins. In a gel shift analysis, we noted that cathepsin L was unable to interact or even affect the electrophoretic migration of the ds65-mer within agarose (Fig. 2B). However, when cathepsin V was used in a similar experiment, smearing of the ds65-mer was noted when 4 μm protein was added (Fig. 2C). A further experiment with a greater excess of cathepsin V confirmed that it was capable of interacting with the DNA, albeit in an apparent nonspecific manner, since no discrete protein-DNA complexes were noted (Fig. 2C). Gel shifts using ds24-mer showed a similar pattern of cathepsin V-mediated interaction with DNA (Fig. 2D). The x-ray crystal structure of cathepsin V has been determined (29Somoza J.R. Zhan H. Bowman K.K. Yu L. Mortara K.D. Palmer J.T. Clark J.M. McGrath M.E. Biochemistry. 2000; 39: 12543-12551Crossref PubMed Scopus (60) Google Scholar), and using these data, we investigated whether any prominent positively charged patches, that may be able to interact with DNA, could be identified on the surface of the molecule (Fig. 3A). The structure reveals that the residues Lys-58, Arg-72, and Lys-78 contribute to a large positively charged patch and flank a region that defines one side of the active site cleft at the P1–P3 subsite positions. Analysis of the structure of cathepsin L revealed that this region of the molecule was negatively charged (Fig. 3B). DNA Promotes a Conformational Change in Cathepsin V—To further investigate DNA binding by cathepsin V and evaluate whether DNA induced any conformational rearrangement in cathepsin V, we examined the changes in the tryptophan fluorescence spectra of cathepsin V in the absence and presence of DNA. The tryptophan fluorescence emission spectra showed a marked difference in the presence and absence of dsDNA (ds24-mer and ds65-mer) with a 15 and 18% reduction, respectively, in the fluorescence emission at 333 nm recorded at the highest concentration of DNA used (Fig. 4A). To determine if these changes in fluorescence emission were indeed due to conformational change in the enzyme and not a result of the DNA shielding the tryptophan residues, fluorescence quenching titrations were performed using acrylamide. The Stern-Volmer plot for both cathepsin V in the absence and presence of DNA was nonlinear. Assuming collisional quenching, this nonlinearity could be explained by at least two populations of tryptophans, with differing levels of accessibility to the quencher (Fig. 4B). The presence of DNA caused an increase in the accessibility of the tryptophan residues of cathepsin V, with the Stern-Volmer plot showing increased quenching. These data indicate that the presence of DNA induces a conformational change in cathepsin V that results in the exposure of at least one tryptophan residue. The sequence and structure of cathepsin V reveals that the mature protein contains five tryptophan residues. One tryptophan residue, Trp-26, underlies the positively charged patch that we propose may be responsible for coordinating DNA, a region also observed to exhibit some mobility in papain (30Lindahl P. Alriksson E. Jornvall H. Bjork I. Biochemistry. 1988; 27: 5074-5082Crossref PubMed Scopus (82) Google Scholar). However, the number and distribution of tryptophan residues means it is not possible to ascertain the precise structural effects of DNA binding to cathepsin V through biophysical studies. DNA Has Effects on the Interaction between Cathepsin V and a Peptide Substrate—The increase in the rate of inhibition brought about by DNA indicated that it might be influencing active site residues or subsites of cathepsin V. We therefore investigated whether the interaction between cathepsin V and a commonly used substrate, Z-Phe-Arg-NHMec (31Barrett A.J. Kirschke H. Methods Enzymol. 1981; 80: 535-561Crossref PubMed Scopus (1729) Google Scholar), was altered in the presence of DNA. The presence of ds65-mer DNA caused a small, nonsignificant decrease in the Km value for the interaction between cathepsin V and the Z-Phe-Arg-NHMec substrate, from 33.1 ± 1.5 to 27.5 ± 0.2 μm. A larger, significant effect on the turnover (kcat) value was observed, with the presence of DNA reducing the value from 93.9 ± 1.5 to 37.7 ± 0.2 s-1. These data indicate that the binding of DNA changes the active site of cathepsin V such that the enzyme interacts with peptide substrates differently. Involvement of a Templating Mechanism in the Increase of Cathepsin V/MENT Association Rates—Since both cathepsin V and MENT bind DNA, we investigated whether a templating mechanism, brought about by binding of both proteins to one molecule of DNA, was operative in the acceleration of the interaction rate between cathepsin V and MENT. The effect of increasing DNA concentrations on the observed rate of interaction between the molecules was investigated. A clear bell-shaped curve was seen for the relationship between the kobs values and the concentration of ds65-mer DNA (Fig. 5A), indicating that a templating mechanism was indeed involved in the increased rate of interaction in the presence of DNA. This relationship was not seen for ds24-mer DNA (Fig. 5B), indicating that it might have been too short to achieve simultaneous binding to both inhibitor and enzyme (Fig. 5C). In addition, both species of DNA affected the rate of interaction between SCCA-1 and cathepsin V in a monophasic manner (Fig. 5, D and E), indicating that templating was not occurring. This meant that the rate enhancement seen with ds24-mer DNA in cathepsin V-MENT reactions and for both species of DNA in cathepsin V-SCCA-1 reactions could not be explained through a templating effect. The ds24-mer DNA would span just over two DNA helical turns (one DNA helical turn spans 10.5 bp/34 Å in length) and equates to ∼75 Å in length. In contrast, the ds65-mer is over 210 Å in length, spanning over six helical DNA turns. For a templating effect to occur between cathepsin V and MENT, it would be necessary for the DNA to be long enough to effectively reach from the DNA-binding domain of MENT at the bottom of the D-helix and M-loop to the top of the RCL and then beyond to interact with the cathepsin V (Fig. 5C). The length of the MENT molecule from the M-loop to the stumps of the RCL is in excess of 75 Å, indicating that in order to also interact with the cathepsin, the ds24-mer would most likely be insufficient in length to interact with both molecules (Fig. 5C). DNA Does Not Accelerate the Interaction between Cathepsin V and Cystatin A—We investigated whether the interaction between cathepsin V and other classes of inhibitor was influenced by DNA. Cathepsins are strongly inhibited by cystatins in cells and in extracellular fluids (32Turk B. Turk V. Turk D. Biol. Chem. 1997; 378: 141-150PubMed Google Scholar). We investigated whether DNA influenced the reaction between cathepsin V and cystatin A (33Estrada S. Nycander M. Hill N.J. Craven C.J. Waltho J.P. Bjork I. Biochemistry. 1998; 37: 7551-7560Crossref PubMed Scopus (35) Google Scholar), since the mode of interaction between cathepsins and cystatins is entirely different from that seen with serpins. In particular, cystatins do not interact directly with the catalytic residues of cysteine proteases and instead occlude the active site, preventing access to substrates. Thus, for instance, cystatins are still able to bind the active site of cysteine proteases that have been previously covalently inhibited with molecules such as E-64 (34Katunuma N. Kominami E. Methods Enzymol. 1995; 251: 382-397Crossref PubMed Scopus (84) Google Scholar). It was found that DNA did not affect the rate of association between cystatin A and cathepsin V (Table 1). These data suggest that the acceleration of inhibition is specific to the serpin mode of inhibition, where there is direct interaction between the inhibitor and the active site residues of the protease. Several recent studies have revealed that cathepsins localize to the nucleus, where they may play key roles, such as regulating DNA conformational changes that are necessary in processes such as transcription (8Goulet B. Baruch A. Moon N.S. Poirier M. Sansregret L.L. Erickson A. Bogyo M. Nepveu A. Mol. Cell. 2004; 14: 207-219Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (303) Google Scholar, 35Bulynko Y.A. Hsing L.C. Mason R.W. Tremethick D.J. Grigoryev S.A. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2006; 26: 4172-4184Crossref PubMed Scopus (40) Google Scholar). Given that numerous intracellular serpins also localize to the nucleus, including PI-6 and MNEI and the cysteine protease inhibitors MENT and SCCA-1 (18Grigoryev S.A. Woodcock C.L. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 3082-3089Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (52) Google Scholar, 21Katagiri C. Nakanishi J. Kadoya K. Hibino T. J. Cell Biol. 2006; 172: 983-990Crossref PubMed Scopus (66) Google Scholar, 26Schick C. Pemberton P.A. Shi G.P. Kamachi Y. Cataltepe S. Bartuski A.J. Gornstein E.R. Bromme D. Chapman H.A. Silverman G.A. Biochemistry. 1998; 37: 5258-5266Crossref PubMed Scopus (256) Google Scholar, 36Bird C.H. Blink E.J. Hirst C.E. Buzza M.S. Steele P.M. Sun J. Jans D.A. Bird P.I. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2001; 21: 5396-5407Crossref PubMed Scopus (101) Google Scholar, 37Irving J.A. Pike R.N. Dai W. Bromme D. Worrall D.M. Silverman G.A. Coetzer T.H. Dennison C. Bottomley S.P. Whisstock J.C. Biochemistry. 2002; 41: 4998-5004Crossref PubMed Scopus (67) Google Scholar, 38Popova E.Y. Claxton D.F. Lukasova E. Bird P.I. Grigoryev S.A. Exp. Hematol. 2006; 34: 453-462Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (34) Google Scholar), 9P. Bird, personal communication. it is likely that one role for these serpins is the regulation of nuclear proteases (35Bulynko Y.A. Hsing L.C. Mason R.W. Tremethick D.J. Grigoryev S.A. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2006; 26: 4172-4184Crossref PubMed Scopus (40) Google Scholar). The recent structure of the DNA-binding serpin, MENT, revealed that the RCL of this molecule was partially inserted into the A β-sheet, suggesting that, by analogy with antithrombin, a cofactor may modulate its inhibitory activity by inducing a conformational change. Modulation of plasma serpin activity against serine proteases is relatively common (39Huntington J.A. Read R.J. Carrell R.W. Nature. 2000; 407: 923-926Crossref PubMed Scopus (955) Google Scholar, 40Pike R.N. Buckle A.M. le Bonniec B.F. Church F.C. FEBS J. 2005; 272: 4842-4851Crossref PubMed Scopus (110) Google Scholar). However, in a previous study, dsDNA failed to mediate an effect on the rate of association between MENT and cathepsin L (19McGowan S. Buckle A.M. Irving J.A. Ong P.C. Bashtannyk-Puhalovich T.A. Kan W.T. Henderson K.N. Bulynko Y.A. Popova E.Y. Smith A.I. Bottomley S.P. Rossjohn J. Grigoryev S.A. Pike R.N. Whisstock J.C. EMBO J. 2006; 25: 3144-3155Crossref PubMed Scopus (43) Google Scholar). This study provides evidence for cofactor-mediated modulation of an intracellular serpin/protease interaction; DNA renders cathepsin V susceptible to inhibition by serpins but in a manner independent of serpin conformational change. In particular, the close homologue of cathepsin V, human cathepsin L, is unable to bind DNA and demonstrates no acceleration effect. Thus, the enhanced rate of inhibition was found to be primarily effected through changes in the protease itself and secondarily due to sufficiently long DNA acting as a template for the "docking" inhibitor-enzyme complex. As a result, the DNA-binding serpin MENT and the non-DNA-binding serpin SCCA-1 both demonstrated a monophasic, 10-fold increase in the rate of inhibition with a short length of DNA. With a stretch of DNA capable of spanning the full "docking" complex, however, the inhibition by MENT was accelerated a further 5-fold in a biphasic manner. This templating effect brings about a rate enhancement due to facilitated diffusion of the molecules in solution (41Li W. Johnson D.J. Esmon C.T. Huntington J.A. Nat. Struct. Mol. Biol. 2004; 11: 857-862Crossref PubMed Scopus (312) Google Scholar, 42Olson S.T. Chuang Y.J. Trends Cardiovasc. Med. 2002; 12: 331-338Crossref PubMed Scopus (91) Google Scholar). Several lines of evidence suggest that changes to the catalytic center of the enzyme are contributing to the effect of DNA on the interaction with serpins. 1) A change in intrinsic tryptophan fluorescence and titration with a fluorescence quenching agent revealed that cathepsin V undergoes a slight conformational shift in the presence of DNA. 2) DNA failed to affect inhibition of cathepsin V by cystatins, whose mode of action is by occluding the active site and therefore independent of proteolysis. 3) DNA alters the kinetics of peptide substrate cleavage by cathepsin V. There is now strong evidence that cathepsin V is found in the nucleus and also that serpins that can interact with this enzyme are found in this compartment. Bulynko et al. (35Bulynko Y.A. Hsing L.C. Mason R.W. Tremethick D.J. Grigoryev S.A. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2006; 26: 4172-4184Crossref PubMed Scopus (40) Google Scholar) noted that cathepsin inhibition by high doses of a nuclear serpin (MENT or MNEI) may contribute to chromatin rearrangement in mature granulocytes, and it is plausible that other closely related intracellular serpins, such as SCCA-1, SQN-5, and Spi2A, may participate in controlling cathepsin-mediated chromatin regulation in other cell types. This work reveals that DNA should be taken into account when biochemically characterizing nuclear cysteine protease-serpin interactions. Most importantly, it highlights a mechanism by which cathepsin inhibition can be modulated, according to the cellular compartment in which it is localized. We thank Debbie Pike for excellent technical assistance. Download.pdf (.04 MB) Help with pdf files

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(14/38)
TITLE: Defects in the Yeast High Affinity Iron Transport System Result in Increased Metal Sensitivity because of the Increased Expression of Transporters with a Broad Transition Metal Specificity
ABSTRACT: Yeast with defects in vacuolar pH show increased sensitivity to high concentrations of transition metals. This sensitivity has been presumed to result from defective metal storage. We demonstrate that mutations that result in a defective high affinity iron transport system, such as a deletion in the surface ferroxidase FET3, also result in increased metal sensitivity independent of vacuolar function. Multiple copies of transition metal transporter resistance genes, such as COT1 or ZRC1, do not reduce the metal sensitivity of fet3 mutations. Increased metal sensitivity is because of an increased cellular accumulation of transition metals resulting from the increased activity of low affinity iron transporters, such as FET4, that mediates the transport of other transition metals. In cells lacking a high affinity iron transport system, the increased transition metal uptake can be prevented by increased extracellular iron. These results suggest that vacuolar function may not be required for transition metal sequestration. Yeast with defects in vacuolar pH show increased sensitivity to high concentrations of transition metals. This sensitivity has been presumed to result from defective metal storage. We demonstrate that mutations that result in a defective high affinity iron transport system, such as a deletion in the surface ferroxidase FET3, also result in increased metal sensitivity independent of vacuolar function. Multiple copies of transition metal transporter resistance genes, such as COT1 or ZRC1, do not reduce the metal sensitivity of fet3 mutations. Increased metal sensitivity is because of an increased cellular accumulation of transition metals resulting from the increased activity of low affinity iron transporters, such as FET4, that mediates the transport of other transition metals. In cells lacking a high affinity iron transport system, the increased transition metal uptake can be prevented by increased extracellular iron. These results suggest that vacuolar function may not be required for transition metal sequestration. The yeast vacuole is considered to be a site for transition metal storage since yeast mutants defective in vacuolar pH show an increased sensitivity to a wide variety of transition metals (1Kitamoto K. Yoshizawa K. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Bacteriol. 1988; 170: 2687-2691Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 2Ramsay L.M. Gadd G.M. FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 1997; 152: 293-298Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 3Szczypka M.S. Zhu Z. Silar P. Thiele D.J. Yeast. 1997; 13: 1423-1435Crossref PubMed Scopus (80) Google Scholar). This increased sensitivity has been ascribed to an inability to store transition metals in defective vacuoles. These mutants also show a decreased ability to grow on low iron medium and an inability to grow on respiratory substrates. Similar phenotypes, including metal sensitivity, are seen in vps mutants that show defective vacuolar formation (4Klionsky D.J. Herman P.K. Emr S.D. Microbiol. Rev. 1990; 54: 266-292Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Recently we (5Radisky D.C. Snyder W.B. Emr S.D. Kaplan J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1997; 94: 5662-5666Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar) and Yuan et al. (6Yuan D.S. Dancis A. Klausner R.D. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 25787-25793Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (147) Google Scholar) demonstrated that many vps mutants show defective iron metabolism because of the inability to form a functional high affinity iron transport system. Iron transport relies on a cell surface multicopper oxidase, Fet3p, that converts ferrous iron to ferric iron, which is then transported across the plasma membrane by the permease Ftr1p (7Askwith C. Eide D. Van Ho A. Bernard P.S. Li L. Davis-Kaplan S. Sipe D.M. Kaplan J. Cell. 1994; 76: 403-410Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (588) Google Scholar, 8Stearman R. Yuan D.S. Yamaguchi-Iwai Y. Klausner R.D. Dancis A. Science. 1996; 271: 1552-1557Crossref PubMed Scopus (582) Google Scholar). The Fet3p multicopper oxidase obtains its copper in an intravesicular compartment into which a p -type ATPase, Ccc2p, transports copper, thus forming active Fet3p (9Yuan D.S. Stearman R. Dancis A. Dunn T. Beeler T. Klausner R.D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 2632-2636Crossref PubMed Scopus (394) Google Scholar). Mutations in genes required for vesicular traffic result in defective iron transport because of an inability to load copper onto Fet3p. Defects in vesicular pH, either because of a mutation in a subunit of the H-ATPase, or in a vesicular chloride channel thought to be necessary to maintain pH, result in a defective high affinity iron transport system (9Yuan D.S. Stearman R. Dancis A. Dunn T. Beeler T. Klausner R.D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 2632-2636Crossref PubMed Scopus (394) Google Scholar). We speculated whether the transition metal sensitivity might also be a consequence of a defective high affinity iron transport system. Here we describe increased metal sensitivity of mutants that lead to absence of the Fet3p mediated iron transport system. Defective Fet3p results in iron deprivation leading to increased expression of low affinity transition metal transporters, which can transport transition metals other than iron. Increased metal sensitivity results not from defective vacuolar metal storage but from increased metal uptake. The yeast strains employed in this study were derived from DY150 and DY1457 as described previously (7Askwith C. Eide D. Van Ho A. Bernard P.S. Li L. Davis-Kaplan S. Sipe D.M. Kaplan J. Cell. 1994; 76: 403-410Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (588) Google Scholar). The construction and phenotype of the Δfet3 strain is described in Askwith et al. (7Askwith C. Eide D. Van Ho A. Bernard P.S. Li L. Davis-Kaplan S. Sipe D.M. Kaplan J. Cell. 1994; 76: 403-410Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (588) Google Scholar). The construction and phenotype of the Δvps41 strain is described in Radisky et al. (5Radisky D.C. Snyder W.B. Emr S.D. Kaplan J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1997; 94: 5662-5666Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar). A deletion of the FET4 gene was generated using a deletion plasmid provided by Dr. D. Eide (University of Missouri, Columbia, MO). This plasmid contains a LEU2 gene cloned into the PstI site in the FET4 gene. Deletions in the SMF1 gene were generated using a double PCR 1The abbreviations used are: PCRpolymerase chain reactionYPDyeast extract-peptone-dextrose.deletion technique (10Amberg D.C. Botstein D. Beasley E.M. Yeast. 1995; 11: 1275-1280Crossref PubMed Scopus (117) Google Scholar). The primers were (SMF1) CTTCTTCAATTTTGTTGGCC, (SMF2) GTCGTGACTGGGAAAACCCTGGCGCCACGTTCACCATTTTGAC, (SMF3) TCCTGTGAAATTGTTATCCGCTCTGAACGTTTATGCCATTGTT, and (SMF4) CGTAATAATGGCTACCATCC. The isolation and phenotype of the gef1–1 mutant is described in Green et al. (11Greene J.R. Brown N.H. DiDomenico B.J. Kaplan J. Eide D.J. Mol. Gen. Genet. 1993; 241: 542-553Crossref PubMed Scopus (105) Google Scholar). The gef1–2 strain is a gef1 mutation in strain background DY1457. The cells were grown in YPD (1.0% yeast extract, 0.2% peptone, 2.0% glucose). In YPD made iron-limited by the addition of banthophenanthroline sulfonate, or in CM medium, a synthetic medium of yeast nitrogen base, amino acids, and glucose. DNA transformations of Escherichia coli and Saccharomyces cerevisiaewere performed by standard procedures (12Sherman F. Fink G.R. Lawrence C.W. Methods in Yeast Genetics. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, NY1989Google Scholar, 13Sambrook J. Fritisch E.F. Maniatis T. Molecular Cloning: A Laboratory Manual. 2nd Ed. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, NY1989Google Scholar). polymerase chain reaction yeast extract-peptone-dextrose. Both COT1p and ZRC1p were epitope-tagged with myc at their carboxyl terminus using the polymerase chain reaction and ligated into the multicopy vector pTF63 (7Askwith C. Eide D. Van Ho A. Bernard P.S. Li L. Davis-Kaplan S. Sipe D.M. Kaplan J. Cell. 1994; 76: 403-410Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (588) Google Scholar). Each 5′ primer included an upstream promoter region, and the 3′ primer included a myc epitope. Two primers for COT1-myc were: 5′-CCG GAA TTC TAT TAC CCA CGC ATA TCT GG-3′ and 5′-TGC TCT AGA TTA ATT CAA GTC CTC TTC AGA AAT GAG CTT TTG CTC CAT ATG ATC CTC TAA GCA ATC TGC-3′. The two primers for ZRC1-myc were: 5′-CCG GAA TTC ATC TCC GGA CTA AAG CAT TC-3′ and 5′-TGC TCT AGA TTA ATT CAA GTC CTC TTC AGA AAT GAG CTT TTG CTC CAT CAG GCA ATT GGA AGT ATT GCA-3′. The PCR reactions were performed in a Perkin-Elmer PCR machine at conditions of denaturation 92 °C, 40 s, annealing 60 °C, 40 s, elongation 72 °C, 3 min, for 35 cycles. The constructed plasmids were sequenced at the junction of the myc-tagged 3′ end and were also tested for their ability to decrease zinc/cobalt toxicity. Metal sensitivity of yeast strains were tested in CM liquid medium supplemented with transition metals at the specified concentrations. Cells were allowed to grow for 20 h in 5 ml of culture at which point A600 was measured. Iron in the form of ferrous sulfate (500 μm) was added to the cultures as specified. Cells were grown in 20.0 ml of CM medium with transition metals as specified for 20 h. Log phase cells were collected and washed by centrifugation with 50 mm Tris-HCl, pH 6.5, 10 mm EDTA. Cell pellets were digested in 200 μl of 5:2 nitric acid:perchloric acid at 80 °C for 1 h. After digestion, the samples were diluted to 1.0 ml with deionized water and then flamed in a Perkin-Elmer ICP atomic absorption spectrometer. All samples were measured in duplicate, and the experiment was performed at least twice. Total RNA was isolated from yeast grown for 15–20 h in CM medium containing specified supplements. RNA was separated by agarose gel electrophoresis, blotted onto nitrocellulose paper, and probed with FET4, SMF1,SMF2, and ACT1(actin), which were randomly labeled with 32P. The blot was washed with 0.5× SSC, 0.1% SDS at 65 °C and then subjected to autoradiography at −70 °C. An oligonucleotide probe for FET4 was designed: 5′-CCG AAT TCT TCG TAC TGT TTG CAG TCA ACA GTA GGT GCT CTA TGA TGA ACG TCA GGC CTA GCA CCC AAG CC-3′. The probe was labeled at the 5′-end with [γ-32P]ATP by T4 Kinase. The analysis of transcript level was performed as described in Iyer and Struhl (14Iyer V. Struhl K. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1996; 93: 5208-5212Crossref PubMed Scopus (145) Google Scholar). Total RNA was isolated from yeast grown for 15–20 h with the specific transition metals. RNA (50 ng) was hybridized overnight at 55 °C with both the FET4 probe and a probe for calmodulin. The RNA was then incubated with 50 units of S1 nuclease (Life Technologies, Inc.) and applied to an 8% denaturing polyacrylamide gel. The gel was dried onto 3-mm Whatman paper and either exposed to x-ray film or analyzed by use of a PhosphorImager. Cells transformed with plasmids encoding myc-tagged proteins in log phase were harvested and reincubated in 3.7% formaldehyde for 1 h at 30 °C and then resuspended in fixative buffer that contained 4.0% paraformaldehyde (pH 6.5) for 6 h at 30 °C. The fixed cells were then washed and treated with 200 mm Tris-HCl, pH 8.0, 20 mmEDTA, 1.0% β-mercaptoethanol for 10 min and then incubated with 1 mg/ml oxalyticase. The cells were permeabilized by addition of 2.0% SDS in 1.2 m sorbitol for 2 min, washed in 1.2m sorbitol, and then allowed to settle on poly-l-lysine-treated coverslips for 30 min. The cells were washed three times with 0.5% bovine serum albumin in phosphate-buffered saline and then incubated with a 1:100 monoclonal mouse anti-myc antibody (9E-10) overnight at room temperature in a humid chamber. The coverslips were washed and then incubated with a 1:200 dilution of a Texas Red-conjugated goat anti-mouse antibody (Molecular Probes) for 2 h at room temperature. The cells were visualized using a Nikon inverted fluorescence microscope with a Nikon ×100 oil immersion objective. Fluorescent and Nomarski images were acquired using a Princeton Instruments cooled CCD camera and a Macintosh workstation running OpenLab-Improvision cytometry software from a computer-controlled filter wheel in conjunction with a multiwavelength emitter and diachronic filter set (Omega Optical). Previous studies demonstrated that mutants defective in either vacuolar pH or in GEF1, a gene that has homology to a human voltage-regulated chloride channel, show increased metal sensitivity (12Sherman F. Fink G.R. Lawrence C.W. Methods in Yeast Genetics. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, NY1989Google Scholar, 15Eide D.J. Bridgham J.T. Zhao Z. Mattoon J.R. Mol. Gen. Genet. 1993; 241: 447-456Crossref PubMed Scopus (82) Google Scholar). This result is confirmed by the data shown in Fig.1 in which a gef1-2 mutant shows an increased sensitivity to Co (Fig. 1 A) or Zn (Fig.1 B), as well as Cu and Mn (data not shown). Both vacuolar morphology and pH appear normal in Δgef1 strains. The GEF1 gene product is localized to a prevacuolar compartment, suggesting that its affects on vacuolar function must be indirect. It may be possible that the gef1 defect results in the missorting of vacuolar proteins that affect transition metal resistance. COT1 and ZRC1 are genes that when overexpressed result in increased resistance to Co and Zn, respectively (Refs. 16Conklin D.S. McMaster J.A. Culbertson M.R. Kung C. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1992; 12: 3678-3688Crossref PubMed Scopus (181) Google Scholar and 17Kamizono A. Nishizawa M. Teranishi Y. Murata K. Kimura A. Mol. Gen. Genet. 1989; 219: 161-167Crossref PubMed Scopus (164) Google Scholar, and Fig. 1). Although Cot1p was thought to be localized to the mitochondria, examination of the distribution of epitope-tagged protein reveals it to be localized to the vacuole (Fig.2 A). Epitope-tagged Zrc1p is also localized to the vacuole (Fig. 2 C). No increased metal resistance is seen, however, when these genes are overexpressed in a gef1–1 strain (Fig. 1). Examination of the subcellular distribution of these proteins in a gef1–1 strain shows no change from their vacuolar location (Fig. 2, C and D). Thus, it is unlikely that mistargeting of vacuolar membrane proteins can explain the defective metal resistance in gef1 strains.Figure 2Immunofluorescent localization of Cot1p or Zrc1p in wild type and gef1–2 cells. Wild type cells or gef1–2 cells were transformed with multicopy plasmids containing epitope marked Cot1p or Zrc1p. The cells were harvested and the proteins localized by immunofluorescence as described under "Materials and Methods." Shown are localization of Cot1p-myc in wild type cells (A) and in gef1–2 cells (B) and localization of Zrc1p-myc in wild type cells (C) and in gef1–2 cells (D). A photomicrograph of wild type cells that are not expressing a myc epitope protein that have been stained with both the primary and secondary antibody is shown (E).View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) One phenotype common to gef1, vps, and vmamutants is a defective high affinity iron transport system as a result of improper copper loading of Fet3p (5Radisky D.C. Snyder W.B. Emr S.D. Kaplan J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1997; 94: 5662-5666Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar, 6Yuan D.S. Dancis A. Klausner R.D. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 25787-25793Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (147) Google Scholar, 18Gaxiola R.A. Yuan D.S. Klausner R.D. Fink G.R. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1998; 95: 4046-4050Crossref PubMed Scopus (151) Google Scholar). We questioned whether deletion of FET3 would result in increased metal sensitivity. As shown in Fig. 3, Δfet3 strains show a markedly increased sensitivity to transition metals. Similar results were obtained for vps 41, which shows a Class B vacuolar morphology (data not shown). This mutation also results in a defective high affinity iron transport system resulting from a defect in copper loading of Fet3p (5Radisky D.C. Snyder W.B. Emr S.D. Kaplan J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1997; 94: 5662-5666Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar). Cells lacking the high affinity iron transport system can grow because of the expression of other plasma membrane transport systems, which act as low affinity iron transporters. These transporters have a broad specificity and transport other transition metals. We hypothesized that the increased expression of these low affinity iron transporters may account for the increased metal sensitivity. Besides Fet3p there are (at least) three cell surface transporters that may mediate iron transport: Fet4p (Co, Cd, Cu) (19Dix D.R. Bridgham J.T. Broderius M.A. Byersdorfer C.A. Eide D.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 26092-26099Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), Smf1p (Mn), and Smf2p (Mn, Co) (20Liu X.F. Supek F. Nelson N. Culotta V.C. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 11763-11769Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (147) Google Scholar). Smf1p and Smf2p are homologous to the mammalian divalent cation transporter NRAMP2 that is responsible for both intestinal transport and reticulocyte endosome-mediated iron transport (21Fleming M.D. Trenor III, C.C. Su M.A. Foernzler D. Beier D.R. Dietrich W.F. Andrews N.C. Nat. Genet. 1997; 16: 383-386Crossref PubMed Scopus (1025) Google Scholar, 22Fleming M.D. Romano M.A. Su M.A. Garrick L.M. Garrick M.D. Andrews N.C. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1998; 95: 1148-1153Crossref PubMed Scopus (811) Google Scholar, 23Gunshin H. Mackenzie B. Berger U.V. Gunshin Y. Romero M.F. Boron W.F. Nussberger S. Gollan J.L. Hediger M.A. Nature. 1997; 388: 482-488Crossref PubMed Scopus (2679) Google Scholar). NRAMP2 expressed in S. cerevisiae can complement a Δsmf1Δsmf2 deletion strain (24Pinner E. Gruenheid S. Raymond M. Gros P. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28933-28938Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (110) Google Scholar). Strains with multiple deletions in membrane transport genes grow poorly in iron-limited medium even without added transition metals. An increase in medium iron (YPD as opposed to CM) improves the growth of strains with multiple deletions. Addition of 50 μm Co to YPD plates does not affect the growth of wild type cells but has a severe affect on the growth of Δfet3 cells (Fig.4). Deletion of the FET4 gene allows the Δfet3 strain to grow in the presence of Co. An additional deletion in the SMF1 gene has no effect. If deletion of the FET4 gene suppresses the transition metal toxicity in Δfet3 strains, then there may be an increased expression of FET4 transcripts in strains incubated in transition metals. Analysis of FET4 transcription by either Northern or S1 analysis reveals an increased level of transcript in Δfet3 cells relative to wild type (Fig.5). In several different experiments, the increase in transcript level was usually no greater than 2-fold. Addition of transition metals to the Δfet3 cells resulted in a 2–5-fold increase in FET4 transcript level, depending upon the metal, whereas no increase in transcript is seen in wild type strains. We did not observe any increase in SMF1 or SMF2 transcripts in Δfet3 cells, or in Δfet3 cells incubated with transition metals (data not shown). This result suggests that increased transition metal accumulation results from the increased activity of low affinity iron transporters. Accordingly, addition of iron to Δfet3 cells should reduce transition metal toxicity. As demonstrated in Fig.6, addition of iron to Δfet3cells completely prevents the toxicity of any of the transition metals tested. Similar results were obtained using either gef1 or vps41 strains (data not shown). If these metals are competing with iron for transport, then Δfet3 cells should show reduced iron levels when incubated with transition metals. Conversely, if iron competes with the other transition metals for uptake, additional iron should raise cellular iron levels and lower the content of transition metals. Incubation with transition metals resulted in an increased content in Δfet3 cells as compared with wild type cells (Table I). As expected Δfet3 strains had a lower cellular iron level than wild type cells. Incubation of Δfet3 with transition metals results in a further decrease in cellular iron content. When Δfet3 cells were incubated with iron, cellular iron content increased, and there was a decrease in the content of the specific transition metal. Exposure of Δfet3 cells to Co, Zn, or Mn resulted in an increase in accumulation of cellular copper that was reduced by added iron. An increased concentration of Mn resulted in decreased cellular iron in the Δfet3 strain, and added iron also restored iron content. There was, however, little difference in the cellular accumulation of Mn in either wild type or Δfet3 cells. Addition of iron to cells incubated in Mn had little effect on the cellular accumulation of Mn.Table IIntracellular transition metal concentration in wild type and Δfet3 cellsCell typeCoCuFeZnMnppmWT0.0000.0530.3431.3900.035Δfet30.0000.0580.0401.3840.024WT/Co0.4160.0620.3491.4820.029Δfet3/Co1.1820.3820.0011.7980.050WT/Co/Fe0.3570.0722.9461.6480.027Δfet3/Co/Fe0.3670.0661.4051.2370.021WT/Cu0.0001.3690.4121.3530.013Δfet3/Cu0.0004.9180.0000.8370.019WT/Cu/Fe0.0001.5020.9271.3000.013Δfet3/Cu/Fe0.0001.2270.2891.0600.011WT/Zn0.0000.0550.33310.9300.027Δfet3/Zn0.0000.2670.00017.6830.035WT/Zn/Fe0.0000.0633.26511.6630.028Δfet3/Zn/Fe0.0000.0731.61711.1370.021WT/Mn0.0000.0610.3241.6270.191Δfet3/Mn0.0000.1450.0291.4270.205WT/Mn/Fe0.0000.0764.8321.4140.187Δfet3/Mn/Fe0.0000.0773.5421.2940.140Wild type and Δfet3 cells were grown in CM medium for 20 h in the presence or absence of transition metals Co (10 μm), Cu (200 μm), Zn (1.0 mm), Mn (2.0 mm), and additional iron. The cells were washed and prepared for elemental analysis using a Perkin-Elmer ICP (inductively coupled plasma) atomic absorption spectroscope. The data are expressed as ppm normalized to cell number. This experiment was repeated twice with similar results. Open table in a new tab Wild type and Δfet3 cells were grown in CM medium for 20 h in the presence or absence of transition metals Co (10 μm), Cu (200 μm), Zn (1.0 mm), Mn (2.0 mm), and additional iron. The cells were washed and prepared for elemental analysis using a Perkin-Elmer ICP (inductively coupled plasma) atomic absorption spectroscope. The data are expressed as ppm normalized to cell number. This experiment was repeated twice with similar results. Our results suggest that any mutation that results in defective Fet3p function (missorting, defective copper loading, or gene deletions) results in increased metal sensitivity. Without Fet3p, the iron requirements of cells are met by increased expression of other transporters. These transporters mediate the uptake of not only iron but other transition metals. Although there are transporters that are highly selective for specific transition metals, such as Cu (CTR1, CTR3) (25Dancis A. Yuan D.S. Haile D. Askwith C. Elde D. Moehle C. Kaplan J. Klausner R.D. Cell. 1994; 76: 393-402Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (568) Google Scholar, 26Knight S.A. Labbe S. Kwon L.F. Kosman D.J. Thiele D.J. Genes Dev. 1996; 10: 1917-1929Crossref PubMed Scopus (222) Google Scholar), Zn (ZNT1) (27Huang L. Gitschier J. Nat. Genet. 1997; 17: 292-297Crossref PubMed Scopus (310) Google Scholar), and iron (FET3/FTR1) (7Askwith C. Eide D. Van Ho A. Bernard P.S. Li L. Davis-Kaplan S. Sipe D.M. Kaplan J. Cell. 1994; 76: 403-410Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (588) Google Scholar), many transporters show a lower affinity and a broader specificity. In the absence of the high affinity iron transport system, the cellular need for iron is met by these lower affinity Fe(II) transport systems. This conclusion is supported by the observation that strains with multiple gene deletions grow poorly in iron-limited medium (Δfet3Δfet4), whereas strains with single deletions grow well. Furthermore, transcription of the FET4 gene is increased under conditions of iron starvation. There may be two reasons why increased transition metals result in increased cell toxicity in strains that are lacking high affinity iron transport. First, because of the low transporter specificity, increased concentrations of Co, Zn, and Cu compete with iron for uptake. This competition results in a further decrement in intracellular iron content (Table I). Second, in the face of high concentrations of transition metals, increased expression of these transporters will lead to increased accumulation of transition metals (Table I). Addition of iron to these cells results in an increased cellular iron level and a decreased uptake of potentially toxic transition metals. Our data also indicate that incubation of the Δfet3 strain with increased concentrations of Co, Zn, or Mn results in increased accumulation of Cu, which is decreased by the additional iron. An increase in Cu sensitivity in both vacuolar acidification strains and in a Δfet3 strain has been seen by Szczypka et al. (3Szczypka M.S. Zhu Z. Silar P. Thiele D.J. Yeast. 1997; 13: 1423-1435Crossref PubMed Scopus (80) Google Scholar). These authors suggested that increased FET3may play a role in copper detoxification and that copper may affect FET3 transcription. Our results do not address the issue of whether Cu affects transcription of FET3. There are differences between our results and those of Szczypka et al. (3Szczypka M.S. Zhu Z. Silar P. Thiele D.J. Yeast. 1997; 13: 1423-1435Crossref PubMed Scopus (80) Google Scholar) as to whether there is increased copper accumulation in mutants that show a defective Fet3p. Many of these differences can be ascribed to strain, medium, and experimental differences. Further experiments are required to determine whether the increased Cu uptake we observed is because of increased expression of high affinity or low affinity copper transporters. Addition of Mn also results in increased metal sensitivity in strains lacking a high affinity iron transport system. Similar to other transition metals, this increased sensitivity is also abrogated by the addition of iron. Addition of Mn, however, does not lower intracellular iron, and Δfet3 strains exposed to high Mn do not accumulate more Mn than wild-type strains. Perhaps Mn toxicity results from a competition with iron at an intracellular level since intracellular iron transporters or enzymes might also recognize Mn. Iron may be displaced from proteins when the intracellular iron concentration is low and intracellular Mn is high. As intracellular iron is increased, the effect of Mn would be reduced. Our data offer an explanation for increased metal sensitivity that is independent of the role of the vacuole in metal storage. Genetic and biochemical evidence suggests that there is a vacuolar transport system for Cd-glutathione conjugates (28Li Z.S. Szczypka M. Lu Y.P. Thiele D.J. Rea P.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 6509-6517Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (382) Google Scholar). Studies have also reported an increased transition metal content in vacuolar-enriched fractions (29Bode H.P. Dumschat M. Garotti S. Fuhrmann G.F. Eur. J. Biochem. 1995; 228: 337-342Crossref PubMed Scopus (50) Google Scholar). The transition metal resistance genes COT1 and ZRC1, when overexpressed, are localized to the vacuole and clearly provide resistance to high levels of transition metals. Yet when there is increased expression of transition metal transporters at the cell surface, there is no increased transition metal resistance even in the face of overexpression of vacuolar transporters. Perhaps the role of Cot1p or Zrc1p is to retain in the vacuole metals brought in by endocytosis. In wild-type cells that are iron replete there may be little expression of low affinity transporters, certainly the expression of FET4 is reduced (30Dix D. Bridgham J. Broderius M. Eide D. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 11770-11777Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (98) Google Scholar). In metal-replete wild type cells, additional transition metals may only enter through the endocytic system. It may be that the role of Cot1p, or Zrc1p is to retain metals within the vacuole. Metals brought in through the cytosol by surface transporters may exceed the capacity of vacuolar transporters. Alternatively, due to the orientation of the vacuolar transporters, cytosolic metals may not be recognized. We thank members of the Kaplan lab for useful advice and for help in editing this manuscript. We also thank Dr. V. Culotta, Dr. D. Eide, and Dr. D. Conklin for their gift of yeast strains and plasmids.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(15/38)
TITLE: Synergy, partner choice and frequency dependence: their integration into inclusive fitness theory and their interpretation in terms of direct and indirect fitness effects
ABSTRACT: The aims of our Target Review (Lehmann & Keller, 2006) were to develop a simple model allowing us to delineate the conditions necessary for cooperation and altruism to evolve and argue that the models proposed so far can all be classified into four general categories depending on the selective forces at work. These are direct benefits to the Focal Individual (FI) performing a cooperative act, repeated interactions with direct or indirect information on the behaviour of the partner in previous moves, preferential interactions between related individuals and/or a linkage disequilibrium between genes coding for altruism and phenotypic traits that lead to assortment of individuals bearing altruistic genes (i.e. greenbeard effect). We were extremely pleased to see that authors of 14 of the 15 Commentaries found our framework useful and generally endorsed our views. Doebeli & Fletcher (2006) were the only authors who fundamentally disagreed with our classification. However, their criticisms mostly stem from a misunderstanding of our model and kin selection theory. Several Commentaries raised similar general issues, in particular about the assumptions of our model and/or alleged limitations of Hamilton's rule. We therefore address these comments in the first four general sections. Following these, we address the criticisms raised by Fletcher and Doebeli (2006). Finally, in the two last sections, we discuss all the other specific comments raised in the Commentaries, and finish with a short conclusion. (Rousset, 2004, pp. 108–109 and pp. 206–207). According to this equation, the direction of selection on the mutant allele is positive at all allele frequencies when: rb − c > 0, where −c is the effect of a FI expressing the mutant genotype on its fitness, b is the effect of a partner bearing the mutant genotype on the FI's fitness and r is the genetic relatedness between the FI and its partner, which is evaluated in the absence of selection. Fitness, as specified in our Target Review, measures the expected number of offspring of a FI that reach adulthood, which is strictly equivalent to the definition of fitness given by Hamilton (1964). In other words, we derived Hamilton's rule from a population genetic model, classified behaviours as altruistic or cooperative as Hamilton did, and never modified the meaning of the cost (−c) and benefits (b) throughout the paper [see also Grafen's (2006) comments on this]. where ΔWIF is again a measure determining the direction of selection at any allele frequency under weak selection (Rousset, 2004; Rousset & Ronce, 2004). When the population is of finite size, ΔWIF determines the effect of selection on the probability of fixation of the mutant allele (Rousset, 2004). The measure of selection ΔWIF, which is a weighted sum of the effects of all individuals in the population on the fitness of individuals bearing the mutant allele, fits with Hamilton's definition of inclusive fitness effect (Hamilton, 1964). In this case, the weights are the coefficients of relatedness between a FI bearing the mutant allele and the individuals affecting its fitness, the reproductive values of the FI's offspring and the frequencies of the various classes of individuals affecting the fitness of the FI. The inclusive fitness effect ΔWIF can be interpreted as a generalization of the simple inclusive fitness effect (rb − c) used in the Target Review and reveals that the different selective forces (e.g. differential effects due to males and females and/or patch demography) influencing helping can always be broken down into direct and indirect effects on the FI's fitness. In other words, the incorporation of more complex life-histories does not change the general nature of the selective forces acting on helping, which can only evolve when at least one of our four conditions is fulfilled. where aU is the intensity of selection on the helping allele resulting from the expression of the genes in the set of positions U [these positions can be in the FI's genome and/or in the genome(s) one or several other individuals], DU is the genetic association between the genes in U and the genes residing at the helping locus of the FI, and the sum runs over all possible subsets of positions that can be constituted with the set of positions S (Kirkpatrick et al., 2002). Inspection of Eqn 3 reveals that the selective pressure on a helping allele consists of (1) phenotypic effects of a set of genes (one or several genes residing in the FI and/or in different individuals) on the fitness of the FI and (2) genetic associations (covariance in the case of pairs of genes) between the genes affecting the FI's fitness and the genes at the FI's helping locus (see Appendix for an explicit example). Effects of genes on the FI's fitness and associations between genes can be evaluated to various orders of magnitude of phenotypic effects. These include first order effects (linear), second order effects (quadratic) or higher order effects. For instance, the effects of actors on fitness in Hamilton's rule are traditionally evaluated to first order phenotypic effects whereas relatedness is evaluated to the zero's order (i.e. in the absence of selection). But nothing prevents the evaluation of effects of actors on fitness to second order phenotypic effects and relatedness to the first order. That Hamilton's rule is evaluated to the lowest order only is not a weakness of inclusive fitness theory but of our own inability to exactly evaluate the direction of selection. Equation 3 also reveals that it is always possible to decompose the selective forces acting on helping into two categories, whatever the mode of gene action, intensity of selection, and number of loci affecting the FI's fitness. The first category consists in all effects dependent on the FI expressing its own genotype. These 'direct effects' can be conditional on whether the partners express genotypes identical to that of the FI at a given locus (which may be the basis of synergy for instance). The second category are indirect effects on the FI's fitness, which result from the expression of the genotype(s) of partner(s) and are unconditional on the FI's genotype. Because the selective pressure on helping can always be decomposed into direct and indirect effects of actors on the FI's fitness, we conclude that whatever the complexity of the genetic basis of helping, cooperation and altruism can evolve only when at least one of our four conditions is fulfilled. Doebeli & Hauert (2006) suggested that our classification is not applicable in cases where a population resides at an evolutionary branching point and that Hamilton's rule cannot be used at such points. In order to see why this is not true, we first explain how game theory relates to the inclusive fitness theory presented above. Hamilton's rule, and more generally the inclusive fitness effect ΔWIF, allows us to determine whether a mutant helping allele will be selected for when rare and to establish the direction of selection at all gene frequencies under weak selection and additive gene effects (eqn 2). The inclusive fitness effect also allows us to locate candidate evolutionary stable strategies (ESS), which are found at the points where it is equal to zero (Day & Taylor, 1998; Rousset, 2004). The inclusive fitness effect further allows us to determine whether such a candidate ESS is convergence stable (i.e. an evolutionary attractor). However, the inclusive fitness effect ΔWIF in itself does not allow us to determine whether a candidate ESS actually is an ESS (i.e. a final stop of evolution for the helping trait). The reason is that the inclusive fitness effect given in eqn 1 or eqn 2 is evaluated to the first order of phenotypic effects on fitness and is thus only a linear approximation of the selective pressure on the helping allele that neglects higher order effects. At an ESS point, the linear effects on fitness cancel each other so that quadratic effects can be used as the new approximation for determining the selective pressure on helping. After convergence to a candidate ESS, the further development of the evolutionary process can be determined by a weighted sum of the expected effects of all individuals in the population on the fitness of a FI bearing the mutant allele, where such effects on fitness are quadratic (Day, 2001; Ajar, 2003) and provide a good approximation under weak selection (Rousset, 2004). These effects can be fully interpreted in terms of inclusive fitness theory (Ajar, 2003, eqns 29–30), because they involve direct and indirect effects of the partners on the fitness of the FI of the same kind as the selection coefficient aU in eqn 3. It is true that inclusive fitness effects do not allow us to predict what type of mutant will invade the population at a branching point. Whether it is a more or less cooperative mutant than the resident genotype that will appear depends on the type of mutations that occurred. However, at a branching point, no mutant allele can invade a resident allele unless it results in a greater inclusive fitness effect, hence implying that one of four conditions needs to be satisfied for the invasion of a mutant allele at a branching point. In other words, helping becomes a better strategy than the alternate option of defecting if the frequency of helpers in the population times the synergistic benefit exceeds the cost of helping. This condition of invasion is very similar to that in eqn 4 with the frequency of helpers p in the population playing the same role as the level of investment into helping ζ of an individual sampled at random from the population in the continuous helping strategy setup. And in the same way as in the continuous strategy case, helping is again cooperative because the act of helping results in an increase in fitness for both the FI (by Dp − C) and its partner (by Dp). Moreover, as in the continuous strategy situation, a positive relatedness between interacting individuals is required for helping to be selected for when helpers are initially rare in the population (p → 0). In conclusion, these analyses reveal that when individuals are not preferentially interacting with individuals with above average relatedness, synergistic helping fall into our category of 'direct benefits' because an act of helping can evolve only when translating into increased direct fitness. Modelling synergistic effects can be readily done for situations of repeated interactions and nonrandom interactions between kin classes in the population when helping. For example, we derive in the Appendix a model where helping is a discrete strategy in a structured population. Importantly, however, the occurrence of synergism does not alter our point that at least one of our four conditions need to be satisfied for helping to be selected for. Several authors mentioned that we did not include the possibility of partner choice (Queller & Strassmann, 2006; Sachs, 2006), partner fidelity (Sachs, 2006) nor the possibility to terminate an interaction as a response to defection (Cant, 2006; Hammerstein & Leimar, 2006). This is correct and was done on purpose because these are all additional factors that can promote cooperation only if one of our four general conditions is met. The most common of these conditions is repeated interactions between individuals with direct or indirect information on the behaviour of the partner in the previous move(s). In that case it is correct that partner choice, partner fidelity and the possibility to terminate an interaction are potent mechanisms that will increase the probability that cooperative individuals preferentially interact with each other. Such effects could readily be integrated in the model presented in the main text of our Target Review by adding a new parameter quantifying the decreased likelihood of a cooperative individual engaging in an interaction with an individual that was previously not cooperative. This could be done for a situation where helping is a continuous strategy, as in the model in our Target Review, or a discrete strategy as discussed above for situation of synergism. Partner choice, partner fidelity and the possibility to terminate an interaction as a response to defection could also play a role when information on whether a given individual is likely to be cooperative comes from reputation. As shown in the Appendix of our Target Review, this situation can be modelled in a similar manner to reciprocal altruism and, in this case, it would also be possible to add a new parameter quantifying the decreased likelihood of a cooperative individual to engage in an interaction with an individual that was previously uncooperative. Finally, one could also imagine that partner fidelity and the possibility to terminate an interaction as a response to defection could also play a role if individuals can assess the cooperative tendency of other individuals on the basis of a phenotypic or behavioural trait. In conclusion, we agree that partner choice, partner fidelity and the possibility to terminate an interaction as a response to defection are important mechanisms that may promote cooperation and/or altruism. However, for these mechanisms to operate requires that at least one of four conditions is fulfilled. There is, unfortunately, much confusion in Fletcher & Doebeli's (2006) Commentary. Nevertheless, we welcome the opportunity to respond to their Commentary because it allows us to address common mistakes also made by a few other theoreticians who, unfortunately, have never made the effort to understand kin selection theory nor to familiarize themselves with the rich literature on this topic. Readers at ease with kin selection theory may want to skip this section. We shall start by addressing four simple misunderstandings. First, F&D assert that we only used the most basic meaning of r (i.e. relatedness by descent). This is not correct as we also consider probabilities of identity in state of which identity by descent is only a particular case. Secondly, F&D assert that we modify the meaning of b and c. Unfortunately no specific equation is given. We strictly used Hamilton's (1964, 1970) definitions of fitness costs and benefits. As, Grafen (2006) pointed out: 'Lehmann and Keller rightly recognize that the b and c to be used in Hamilton's rule need to be appropriately derived'. Thirdly, F&D state that we implement a population-wide definition of altruism that leads to very unsatisfactory results in our classification. We do not know what F&D mean by a 'population-wide definition of altruism'. In any case, our definition is strictly equivalent to the definition of altruism given by Hamilton (1964, 1970) and there is a large literature justifying the use of such a definition (e.g. Grafen, 1985; Frank, 1998; Rousset, 2004). Finally, F&D provide a long discussion on the direct and inclusive fitness approaches. We are not clear what F&D wanted to state and refer readers to excellent discussions of Frank (1998) and Rousset (2004) on this issue. Importantly, our model is derived from a rigorous population genetic framework, and for simplicity, we either interpret our results by looking at the effect of a FI on the fitness of all members of the population (inclusive fitness approach) or by looking at the effect of all individuals in the population on the FI's fitness (direct fitness approach). Both approaches are perfectly correct and can be used interchangeably (Rousset, 2004, pp. 107–108). In the same section F&D also criticize Sachs et al. (2004) treatment of kin selection which, they suggest, 'confounds an accounting technique with a mechanism'. The strength of inclusive fitness theory is precisely that it provides both an accounting technique and a mechanism to explain the evolution of social behaviours. The treatment of kin selection theory of Sachs et al. (2004) is correct in our view. Fletcher and Doebeli claim that the distinction between 'weak altruism', where the actor obtains a benefit from its own act of helping (i.e. −c > 0 in eqn 1), and 'strong altruism' where there are no such direct benefits (i.e. −c < 0) is not fundamental. On the contrary, the vast majority of researchers interested in the natural phenomenon of cooperation and altruism, starting with Darwin himself, and including all the other authors who expressed their view on this matter in their Commentaries, understand that there is a fundamental distinction between 'weak altruism' and 'strong altruism' (see e.g. Ratnieks, 2006). Fletcher and Doebeli assert that our framework tends to obscure the fundamental roles that assortment and nonadditivity play. This is a perplexing statement. Three of our categories are explicitly based on assortment. For example, in the conclusion of our Target Review, we stated that 'cooperation and altruism can evolve only when there are direct benefits to the FI performing a cooperative act, repeated interactions with direct or indirect information on the behaviour of the partner in previous moves, preferential interactions between related individuals and/or a linkage disequilibrium between genes coding for altruism and phenotypic traits that can be identified. In the three later cases helping evolves because there is a positive association between individuals at the genotypic and/or phenotypic levels'. Moreover, throughout the paper, and in all equations, we make clear that positive assortment is critical when there are no direct benefits. Fletcher and Doebeli claim that when nonadditivity is present, altruistic behaviour can evolve even in the absence of positive assortment. This is wrong. Synergism can lead to cooperation without positive assortment but not to altruism (see the Synergism and discrete/pure strategies section). Finally, F&D consider three models that they claim do not fit in our classification framework. The first is the grouping model of Avilés (2002) where grouping and cooperation are modelled as distinct co-evolving traits. In this model it is assumed that the fitness of an individual in a group increases with the number of helpers in the group raised to the power of some constant and decreases exponentially with the total number of individuals in a group. An analysis of the model reveals cycles in the level of helping with mutants having both a grouping and cooperative tendency being selected for when the population mostly consist in individuals with nongrouping tendencies. The dynamics of this model is very similar to Jansen & van Baalen's (2006) model. In both cases, frequency-dependent selection leads to variation over time in the level of altruism, the oscillations depending on the mutation rate. The model of Avilés (2002) is thus a special case of 'green beard' model as we correctly classified in the Table of our Target Review. Moreover, contrary to what is stated by F&D, synergy is probably not important. Although it is true that the model assumes that the fitness of an individual depends on the number of helpers in the group raised to the power of some constant (called synergy by F&D), the crucial assumptions of the model are that loners perform better when groups consist of defectors and the fitness of a helper increases with the number of helpers in its group. This situation can also occur when the fitness of individuals increases additively with the number of individuals within groups. The second model is the so-called environmental feedback model by Pepper & Smuts (2002). In this model the authors consider two classes of individuals that feed on patches of plants that they leave when resources are depleted. The two classes are unrestrained eaters that quickly deplete local resources and restrained eaters, which depletes resources less quickly. Their model shows a positive assortment between unrestrained and restrained eaters but it does not investigate whether feeding restraint is a stable strategy in the population. In other words, although the simulations of Pepper & Smuts (2002) provide interesting information on possible mechanisms promoting positive assortment, they do not allow us to make any conclusion on the evolution of cooperation and altruism. The third model is by Fletcher & Zwick (2004). F&D claim that this model provides an example where altruism can evolve between nonrelatives. An analysis of their model provides a perfect example of the contrary. The model by Fletcher & Zwick (2004) is a slightly different form of the group-selection model studied by Hamilton (1975) where individuals interact in randomly formed groups, except that several generations of reproduction occur before the stages of complete dispersal, regulation and formation of new groups. Such a life-cycle results in individuals of the same gene lineage interacting with each other and thus benefiting from the altruism of kin descending from the same parents. In the Appendix we show that helping cannot evolve if interactions between kin are prevented to occur. In conclusion, the model of Fletcher & Zwick (2004) falls perfectly into our classification scheme and provides a nice example of a failure to recognize kin selection. Queller & Strassmann (2006) suggested that one of their own models (Queller, 1992) already encompassed all the relevant forces presented in our model. This is correct. However, Queller's (1992) model does not partition the selective forces in terms of direct and indirect effects on fitness and does not distinguish between cooperation and altruism. Thus, although we agree that it is a useful model, it is not appropriate for establishing a simple classification of models of cooperation and altruism. The same comment holds for the group selection approach and multi-level selection models mentioned by Foster (2006). Wenseleers (2006) raised concerns about possible limitations of Hamilton's rule under frequency dependence which we addressed in the section Strong selection, nonadditive gene effects and multilocus evolution. Using eqn 3, we also present in the Appendix a model that allows us to show, in contrast to Wenseleers' (2006) suggestions, that cooperation in spatial game can be explained in terms of kin selection and that introducing discrete strategies does not limit the application of inclusive fitness theory. Doebeli & Hauert (2006) listed two examples of situations that they claim do not fit in our framework. The first, taken from Hauert & Doebeli (2004) and is a situation where a FI investing x into helping plays with an individual investing y into helping. The fecundity of the FI is given by B(x + y) − C(x), where B and C are monotonously increasing benefit and cost functions. Thus, the gradient of selection on helping is given by B′(2x) − C′(x), where the primes denote derivatives. Accordingly, helping spreads when B′(2x) − C′(x) > 0. From this Doebeli & Hauert (2006) conclude that 'contrary to what seems to be implied in Lehmann and Keller, whether individuals receive net direct benefits from the act of cooperation is not determinant of whether cooperation is favoured'. This is an odd statement because it is completely contradicted by the analyses of the gradient of selection. Indeed, B′(2x) is the marginal benefit of an individual investing into helping and C′(x) is its marginal cost. Thus, B′(2x) − C′(x) represents the net effect of a FI on its fitness when increasing investment into helping, which precisely corresponds to −c in Hamilton's rule (eqn 1). When there are not direct benefits of helping, namely B′(2x) = 0, helping is counter-selected (−c < 0). Doebeli & Hauert (2006) thus provide a perfect example of a situation where helping spreads because it increases the FI's fitness. This example thus falls neatly into our category of direct benefits. In fact, that individuals should behave cooperatively under such situations has been recognized long ago as exemplified by the following quote by Adam Smith (1776): 'It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest. We address ourselves, not to their humanity but to their self-love, and never talk to them of our own necessities but of their advantages'. Doebeli & Hauert (2006) also claim that the various formalizations of the evolution of altruism in 'spatial structuring models' of Nowak & May (1992), Killingback et al. (1999), Hauert & Doebeli (2004) do not fall into one of our categories as spatial structure promote cooperation because it leads to a positive assortment between cooperators. As explained in length in our Target Review these three models fall into our category kin selection. A good introduction to the topic of how spatial structure can promote the evolution of altruism by kin selection is given by Hamilton (1971). van Baalen & Jansen (2006) were worried that we did not make sufficiently clear how kin selection relates to kin recognition and that our approach may perpetuate the misconception that kin selection requires discrimination of related individuals. We hope that our Target Review does not lead to such a misunderstanding. In the Target Review's Appendix we derived several models where kin selection can operate under some specific demographic situation without kin recognition. There are many other such situations (e.g. van Baalen & Rand, 1998; Taylor & Irwin, 2000; Lehmann et al., 2006). van Baalen & Jansen (2006) also suggested that our model creates the impression that the costs, benefits and the relatedness structure are static properties of a populations. Although it is true that this was the case in the simple model presented in the main text, we also presented in the Appendix models where relatedness is a dynamical variable depending on population demography and where helping itself can affect the demography of the population. Finally, van Baalen & Jansen (2006) mention that, contrary to what we stated, greenbeard mechanisms are not inheritantly unstable. Here we shall acknowledge that we were somewhat imprecise by failing to explicitly stipulate the conditions under which greenbeard mechanisms are unstable. The situation that we had in mind was the simple case where evolution occurs in a panmictic population with interactions occurring between individuals that do not share any recent common ancestry. However, it is true that common descent in geographically structured population can counteract the erosion of linkage between a helping allele and a recognition allele, eventually leading to a stable level of altruism by a greenbeard effect (Axelrod et al., 2004; Jansen & van Baalen, 2006). Cant (2006) was concerned that we might have underestimated the role of punishment. In particular he pointed out that the option to terminate an interaction as a response to defection can be a powerful force favouring the spread of cooperation mutants in a noncooperative population. We agree that this can be a potent factor and have now discussed this issue in the Markets and partner choice section. As we made clear, the option of terminating an interaction as a response to defection, which can be classified in the category of reciprocity with direct or indirect information, may indeed play an important role when cooperation is established. However, the option to terminate an interaction as a response to defection cannot in itself help to promote cooperation in a noncooperative population. Hammerstein & Leimar (2006) mentioned other interesting situations of cooperation, but these were mostly between species or between organelles. Although a framework similar to the one we developed could be used for interespecific interactions, we decided to concentrate on intraspecific interactions to avoid confusions. In their other Commentary, Leimar & Hammerstein (2006) provide an interesting historical view of the field of cooperation making the valid point that, unfortunately, there is a significant amount of models that are driven by their own properties rather than the aim to understand cooperation and altruism in nature. This, together with the fact that a significant number of theoreticians fail to incorporate their work in a more general context of previously published work, was indeed the main reason that prompted us to write our Target Review. We hope that this debate will help gifted theoreticians to develop models aiming at understanding puzzling phenomena in nature rather than studying what Leimar & Hammerstein (2006) appropriately call 'highly stylized situations'. In their Commentary these authors also point out that we did not consider cultural evolution in our framework. Cultural evolution is undoubtedly an important mechanism allowing the transfer of information in humans, and as such, it plays a pivotal role in the evolution of cooperation and altruism (e.g. Cavalli-Sforza & Feldman, 1981; Boyd & Richerson, 1985). However, it should in principle always be possible to decompose the selective forces acting on cultural variants expressing helping according to an equation of the form of eqn 3. Accordingly, we are not aware of any model of cultural evolution, which cannot be classified into our four general categories. Boyd (2006) correctly pointed out that even if the necessary conditions that we outlined for the evolution of cooperation under repeated interactions are satisfied this does not mean that reciprocity is an ESS. Boyd provides a clear explanation of why this may not be the case and we have nothing to add. Sachs (2006) provides a detailed and very balanced discussion of the linked with other previously proposed frameworks. The only point meriting a remark is partner choice. For partner choice to select for cooperation requires that individuals can assess the cooperative tendencies of their partner hence leading to assortment between cooperative individuals. Hence, partner choice also requires information. Such information can come by several means, the most common in nature probably being repeated interactions (see Sachs et al., 2004) for a detailed account of the many mechanisms that may allow one or several of our four conditions to be fulfilled). Ratnieks (2006) makes several valuable comments on our framework and, contrary to Doebeli & Fletcher (2006), he feels that it is important to distinguish between 'weak altruism' and 'strong altruism' because these are biologically two very different situations. We fully agree with Ratnieks that weak altruism is a bad term as weak altruists, on average, enhance direct reproduction. This is why we use the term cooperation for acts that increase the fitness of the FI and its partner. As stated by Michod & Herron (2006), our framework can also be useful to classify the forces involved in the evolution of individuality. However, there might be limitations, in particular when the transition involves partners of different species. Grafen (2006) pointed out that introducing the parameter ζ to describe the fraction of benefit that return to the FI is unnecessarily complex because the net effect of an individual expressing helping on its fecundity is sufficiently described by a single parameter. The reason we introduced the parameter ζ was to illustrate that helping can be selected for because it results in a direct fitness benefit for a FI, without necessarily eliciting a cooperative response of the partner. This parameter can be useful to understand the selective forces, for example in the case given in Doebeli & Hauert (2006) that we discussed above. Grafen also expressed concerns about our claim that phenotype matching leads to uniform genetic similarity over the whole genome. While describing phenotype matching, we stated that: 'Since common genealogy generates phenotypic similarity for genetically determined traits, each trait can be used as an independent value to estimate average genetic identity. This is a process of statistical inference with arbitrary phenotypic traits being used as quantitative or qualitative variables. Importantly, both spatial recognition and phenotype matching lead to uniform genetic similarity over the whole genome'. What we meant by the later phrase is that if individuals sample a very large number of independent phenotypic traits in other individuals to estimate their genetic similarity with them, then the estimate of similarity is an indicator of average relatedness over the whole genome because common ancestry generates similarity between individuals at all loci. But we acknowledge that our statement was confusing and we wish to make clear that we where not stating that the evolutionary consequences of phenotype matching results in uniform genetic similarity. Although the evolution of recognitions systems and the consequence for the maintenance of genetic variability at matching loci is extremely complex and has to our knowledge not been fully worked out, we agree that kinship is probably the only biological factor that can produce uniform genetic similarity across the genome. Finally, Grafen also mentioned that contrary to what we asserted, greenbeards are not necessarily unstable. This is a valid point that we addressed in our response to van Baalen & Jansen (2006). In this response we hope that we clarified issues that were not clear in our Target Review and addressed the many interesting points raised in the 15 Commentaries. In particular, we showed that our framework and classification are based on a population genetic model which does not depend on particular assumptions about the population structure and genetic underpinning of helping behaviour and that synergic effects can readily be incorporated in our model. Our classification is thus based on a robust framework allowing one to identity the conditions necessary for the evolution of cooperation and altruism. Clarifying the relationship between models and correctly classifying different situations belonging to the same mechanism should facilitate communication, avoid duplication and focus the attention of theoreticians on biologically relevant phenomena. We thank Michael Doebeli, Rob Hammond, John Pepper, François Rousset, Dave Queller, Tom Wenseleers and Stuart West for helpful comments on this manuscript. We were both supported by several grants from the Swiss NSF. In this Appendix we derive two different population genetic models where evolution occurs in a spatially structured population. First, we present a model where helping is a discrete strategy, which can result in synergistic effects. This model allows us to illustrate that contrary to what is asserted by Wenseleers (2006), cooperation in spatial game can be explained in terms of kin selection and that introducing discrete strategies does not limit the application of inclusive fitness theory. Then, we demonstrate that helping evolves in the model of Fletcher & Zwick (2004) by kin selection. We first present the general life-cycle, which is common to both models and then consider each specific case in turn. To derive these models we follow the direct fitness approach developed by Roze & Rousset (2005). Let us posit that evolution occurs in a population following Wright's infinite island model of dispersal. Individuals are haploid and live in demes where they have only one neighbour. Events of the life-cycle occur in the following order. (1) A one shot social interaction occurs between the two individuals living in a deme. (2) Each individual produces a very large number of juveniles and dies. (3) Each juvenile disperses independently from each other with probability m to another deme. (4) Regulation occurs with the effect that only two juveniles reach adulthood in each deme. where O(δ2) is a remainder involving second and higher order terms. The term in square brackets in this equation is the effect of all actors in a focal deme on the fitness of a FI bearing the helping allele. This effect on direct fitness is made of four different terms. First, the direct cost (C) resulting from the FI expressing helping. Secondly, the benefit B received by the FI from its neighbour, which is weighted by the relatedness r between actor and recipient. Thirdly, the synergistic effect D of helping which depends on the probability r + (1 − r)p that the neighbour of the FI also bears the helping allele. Fourthly, the increase in kin competition in the focal deme, which depends on the probability (1 − m)2 that a FI's offspring compete against another juvenile produced in the focal deme. This increase in kin competition depends on the increase of the number of juveniles produced in the focal as a result of the FI and its partner helping each other (effect of intensity (B − C)(1 + r)/2) and as a result of the synergistic effect of helping on individual fecundity [effect of intensity D(r + (1 − r)p)]. Inserting the equilibrium value of relatedness r = FST = (1 − m)2/(1+2m−m2), we find that all terms involving the benefit B cancel each other out, which is consistent with the results of Taylor (1992) and all our results given in the supplementary material of our Target Review when evolution occurs in a spatially structured population. Notice that the selective pressure for the Prisoner's dilemma (or repeated Prisoner's dilemma) can be found by substituting C≡(S−P), B≡(T−P) and D≡P+R−S−T into eqn 2, where the payoffs are the so-called reward for mutual cooperation (R), temptation to defect (R), sucker's payoff (R) and punishment for mutual defection (P). which gathers all effects on fitness resulting from the FI expressing the helping genotype (such effects involve the effects that are conditional on whether the partner also expresses the helping genotype). Thus, the net direct effect on fitness depends on the cost C of expressing helping, the benefit B resulting from helping neighbours and the synergistic benefit of helping D, which is weighted by the coefficient of relatedness r. which provides the same equilibrium frequency of the helping allele as obtained by Wenseleers (2006) and presented by his eqn A.8.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(16/38)
TITLE: Direct and indirect selection on mate choice during pollen competition: Effects of male and female sexual traits on offspring performance following two‐donor crosses
ABSTRACT: Mate choice in plants is poorly understood, in particular its indirect genetic benefits, but also the direct benefits of avoiding harmful matings. In the herb Collinsia heterophylla, delayed stigma receptivity has been suggested to enhance pollen competition, potentially functioning as a female mate choice trait. Previous studies show that this trait can mitigate the cost of early fertilization caused by pollen, thus providing a direct benefit. We performed two-donor pollinations during successive floral stages to assess how this stigma receptivity trait and two pollen traits known to affect siring success influence indirect benefits in terms of offspring performance. We also investigated differential resource allocation by studying the influence of sibling performance in the same capsule. Offspring performance in terms of flower number was mainly affected by parental identities and differential resource allocation. Offspring seed production showed some influence of resource allocation, but was also affected by pollen donor identity and varied positively with late stigma receptivity. However, the effect of late stigma receptivity on offspring seed production was weakened in matings with pollen that advanced stigma receptivity. In conclusion, delayed stigma receptivity may be selected through both direct and indirect fitness effects in C. heterophylla, where pollen-based delay on stigma receptivity might act as a cue for mate choice. However, selection may also be counteracted by antagonistic selection on pollen to advance stigma receptivity. Our results highlight the challenges of studying indirect genetic benefits and other factors that influence mate choice in plants.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(17/38)
TITLE: STUDYING TROPHIC ECOLOGY IN MARINE ECOSYSTEMS USING FATTY ACIDS: A PRIMER ON ANALYSIS AND INTERPRETATION
ABSTRACT: Fatty acids (FA) represent a large group of molecules that comprise the majority of lipids found in all organisms. Their great diversity, biochemical restrictions and, in some cases, unique origin among plants and animals has fostered a number of areas of research, ranging from assessment of animal nutrition and metabolism, to investigating trophic interactions and ecosystem structure. Over the past three decades, we have observed the use of FA develop from a potential tool for delineating food webs (Ackman and Eaton 1966) to a powerful technique for quantitative assessment of predator diets (Iverson et al. 2004). Studies that have compared the FA found in predator fat stores with those found in their prey have allowed both qualitative (e.g., Horgan and Barrett 1985; Smith et al. 1996; Raclot et al. 1998; Dahl et al. 2000, 2003; Falk-Petersen et al. 2004) and quantitative or semi-quantitative analyses of diet (Kirsch et al. 2000; Iverson et al. 2001b, 2004; Iverson and Springer 2002) and comparisons of the spatial and temporal scales of foraging (e.g., Iverson et al. 1997a, b; Smith et al. 1997; Walton et al. 2000). These studies are possible because the FA consumed by a monogastric (i.e., single-chambered stomach) predator are deposited into adipose tissue with little modification or in a predictable pattern, thus providing an integrated record of dietary intake over time. Previous studies, together with the recent development of quantitative FA signature analysis (QFASA; Iverson et al. 2004), have generated considerable interest in the use of FA to study the foraging ecology and diets of upper trophic level predators, such as marine mammals, bears and seabirds. Given that the use of FA as an ecological tool is a relatively new and rapidly developing field, it is inevitable that a variety of methods have been used both to chemically analyze FA and to interpret the resulting data. In both of these areas, we believe there is some confusion in the literature. Furthermore, many investigators from around the world frequently inquire about the requirements and limitations of using FA to address ecological questions. Given this broad interest, particularly among researchers studying marine mammals, we felt it was both necessary and timely to review appropriate methods for the chemical analysis and interpretation of FA in the context of ecological research. Although we focus on applications involving marine mammals and seabirds, most of the issues we discuss are pertinent to other marine and terrestrial predators and the methods should be broadly applicable to other taxa. FA can be used to study foraging ecology and food webs in three ways. First, by examining changes in FA distributions, or "signatures" (Iverson 1993) of the predator alone, we can ask qualitative questions about spatial or temporal variations in diets, both among and within individuals or populations (e.g., Iverson et al. 1997a, b; Walton et al. 2000; Beck et al. 2005). The second use of FA is also qualitative, but relies on the use of individual biomarkers or tracers—that is, the existence of a unique FA found in a predator that can be traced to a single origin or prey species (e.g., Pascal and Ackman 1975, reviewed in Iverson 1993). In principle, this opportunity will be relatively rare, as FA present in either marine or terrestrial environments are relatively ubiquitous within those environments. However, this biomarker approach can be extended; for instance, unusual levels of certain FA or of ratios among FA that can only be attributed to one or a few prey types may indicate their likely unimportance or dominance in the diet (reviewed in Dalsgaard et al. 2003). The final and most ambitious way in which to use FA is to quantitatively estimate diet from FA signatures of predator and prey. The QFASA method (Iverson et al. 2004) uses a statistical model to compute the most likely combination of prey FA signatures that comes closest to matching that observed in the predator, after accounting for predator FA metabolism by mathematically weighting individual FA. This procedure requires knowledge of the FA compositions of all important potential prey species, as well as sufficient within-species sampling to assess variability or overlap in signatures with ecological and demographic factors (e.g., Budge et al. 2002, Iverson et al. 2002). Each of these uses of FA can provide somewhat different, but valuable information on the foraging ecology of free-ranging predators that are difficult to observe or access over much of their spatial and temporal ranges, and for which existing methods, such as fecal or stomach contents analysis, may provide biased information. Nevertheless, all of the methods using FA require knowledge of the underlying biochemistry and the appropriate techniques to ensure both accurate chemical analysis of FA composition and appropriate interpretation of the resulting data. The aim of this review is to provide investigators with a guide that describes the suite of requirements and tools necessary to conduct ecological studies using FA. We concentrate on issues related to the use of FA for studying trophic interactions or diet in upper trophic level marine predators, although we also touch upon other ways in which to use FA in ecological studies. We begin by providing a description of basic lipid structures and their biochemistry as these relate to diet and biosynthesis. We then discuss appropriate sampling, storage and chemical analysis, and highlight common and potential problems. We also describe the basic gas chromatographic (GC) instrumentation and software necessary for analysis, and briefly discuss some statistical methods currently used to analyze and interpret the resulting data. Lastly, we discuss taxon-specific issues in the use of FA. Lipids are a heterogeneous group of compounds that share the common property of being insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents such as chloroform, hydrocarbons and alcohols. The most abundant lipids are those that contain FA as part of their structure. FA most commonly consist of an even-numbered, straight carbon chain, containing 14 to 24 carbons and zero to six double bonds, with a methyl terminus (CH3) at one end and an acid (carboxyl) terminus at the other (Fig. 1). Nevertheless, FA in certain food sources can be as short as 4–6 carbons (e.g., milks of ruminant mammals) and 8–10 carbons (e.g., milks of rodents, lagomorphs and primates; some seed lipids) (Iverson and Oftedal 1992). However, in marine and terrestrial food webs involving upper trophic level carnivores, the shortest FA that is generally present above trace amounts is 12 carbons in length, but this still usually accounts for ≤0.1% of total FA. Extremely short branched-chain FA are found in structural and acoustic tissues of odontocetes, but these are not related to diet (see below). At the other extreme, FA with >24 carbon atoms and >6 double bonds also exist, but only in trace amounts as intermediates in most organisms (Voss et al. 1991). Thus, FA of 14 carbons with no double bonds to 24 carbons with 6 double bonds represent the range in length and unsaturation that is relevant in the study of most predators. Example of FA structure and nomenclature. (A) The structure of 18:3n-3 with all atoms indicated; and (B) the same FA structure with carbon and hydrogen atoms assumed. FA are named using shorthand notation of A:Bn-X, where A indicates the number of carbon atoms, B is the number of double bonds and X indicates the position of the first double bond relative to the terminal methyl group (i.e., 18:3n-3). With this system, it is assumed that each double bond is separated by a methylene group (CH2 group). Some investigators use the slightly shorter notation of A:BωX (i.e., 18:3ω3), which has the same meaning but is simply an older format. This notation has developed because of metabolic relationships; once introduced into a FA, organisms have very limited ability to alter the position of the double bond closest to the terminal methyl group. A less common notation, that follows the recommendations of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), gives the position of double bonds relative to the acid group (COOH) and uses the Δ symbol (i.e., 18:3Δ9,12,15). This system has the advantage of using the same naming conventions as FA desaturase enzymes; however, the n-x system is more useful in tracking families of FA with similar structures. FA are most commonly named using a shorthand notation of A:Bn-x, where A indicates the number of carbon atoms, B is the number of double bonds and x indicates the position of the first double bond relative to the terminal methyl group (Fig. 1A). With this naming system, it is assumed that all FA are methylene-interrupted (i.e., each double bond is separated by a -CH2- group), which is by far their most common form. However, unusual FA do occur with double bonds that are non-methylene interrupted (NMI). Their presence in the food chain is due to synthesis by marine invertebrates, such as bivalve molluscs (reviewed in Joseph 1982). FA with zero and one double bond are known as saturated (SFA) and monounsaturated FA (MUFA), respectively. FA with two or more double bonds are known as polyunsaturated FA (PUFA). Lastly, some FA contain a methyl branch on the second or third carbon atom closest to the terminal methyl group. A methyl branch at the second carbon is indicated by prefacing the FA name with an "i" representing "iso"; "ai" (anti-iso) indicates a methyl branch at the third carbon (e.g., i-15:0, ai-17:0). FA rarely exist in free form and are usually esterified to a glycerol backbone. Any lipid containing an esterified FA is called an acyl lipid. Triacylglycerols (TAG) represent the common form of storage lipids and make up the majority of lipids found in adipose tissue and blubber. TAG consist of three FA molecules esterified to a glycerol backbone (Fig. 2A). Animals mobilize stored TAG if FA requirements are not met through the diet or, conversely, deposit TAG when dietary FA and energy intake exceed demands. Thus, the composition of TAG FA in major lipid storage depots is relatively dynamic and most readily influenced by diet. Lipid structures and FA derivatives produced using acidic transesterification. (A) A TAG consists of three FA moieties and a glycerol backbone. The reaction of TAG with MeOH in the presence of acid cleaves the FA from the backbone and forms the corresponding FAME; (B) WE, consisting of a FA esterified to a fatty alcohol, react with MeOH and acid in a similar manner to produce a FA and a fatty alcohol; and (C) A PL is similar to a TAG but contains a phosphate group attached to the third carbon of the glycerol backbone. The phosphate group may be bonded to a variety of derivatives; in this case, an amine group, choline, is attached. The structure illustrated is also an example of a specific type of phospholipid, the plasmalogen. Plasmalogens have an ether linkage to a long carbon chain containing a double bond adjacent to the ether functionality; this ether structure takes the place of one of the two FA and reacts with MeOH and acid to form an aldehyde that reacts further to produce DMA. Wax esters (WE) are a second type of lipid relevant to diet studies. WE consist of a FA esterified to a fatty alcohol (Fig. 2B). In theory, both the FA and the fatty alcohol can have any structure, but WE almost always contain saturated or monounsaturated fatty alcohols, unlike the FA portion which may have a variety of polyunsaturated structures. The functions of these WE are uncertain, but, like TAG, they are thought to be involved in energy storage in certain species of crustaceans, fish, and marine mammals. For example, copepods (e.g., Calanus spp.) store almost all their energy as WE (Sargent 1976), and some fish such as myctophids, barracudina (Notolepis rissoi), capelin (Mallotus villosus), and herring (Clupea harengus) store significant amounts of WE in their adipose tissues (Ackman et al. 1972; Ratnayake and Ackman 1979; Phleger et al. 1997, 1999). WE are also found in the melons and mandibular regions of echolocating toothed whales (Varanasi and Malins 1971, Litchfield et al. 1978) and comprise the majority of storage lipids in the blubber of Pacific beaked whales (Berardius bairdi) and sperm whales (Physeter macrocephalus; Litchfield et al. 1976, Koopman 2001). A third common acyl lipid class is the phospholipid (PL) group. PL normally consists of two FA esterified to a glycerol molecule that also contains a polar derivative of phosphatidic acid (Fig. 2C). PL are the structural components of all cell membranes. Because of the specialized functions of these lipids and membranes, organisms tend to conserve FA in PL, making this lipid class relatively robust to dietary changes in higher order predators and thus not informative as an indicator of diet. A special group of PL, the plasmalogens, contains a mono- or di-unsaturated carbon chain attached through a vinyl-ether linkage to the glycerol molecule in place of one of the FA (Fig. 2C). Vinyl-ether linkages are distinct from other ether linkages because of the presence of a double bond adjacent to the ether group. These lipids are thought to be involved in a variety of processes ranging from antioxidant functions to buoyancy control (Paltauf 1994) and are found throughout the marine food web. In particular, plasmalogens are common in bivalves (Joseph 1982) and in the gills of crustaceans (Chapelle and Benson 1986); smaller amounts are also found in many species of fish (Ackman 1998). Other classes of acyl lipids exist, including glycolipids, sphingolipids and ceramides, but these are relatively rare and contribute little to the overall FA composition of organisms. Harwood and Russel (1984) and Gunstone et al. (1986) provide comprehensive reviews of all lipid classes. A basic understanding of lipid biochemistry and metabolism is critical to the interpretation of FA patterns in predator lipid stores. The FA composition of predator lipid stores is the result of three metabolic sources: (1) unmodified dietary FA that are directly deposited in adipose tissue, (2) dietary FA that are modified at some point between absorption into the blood and deposition, and (3) endogenously derived FA arising from de novo synthesis in the predator. Thus, it is important to understand the potential relative input from each process in any given tissue. In monogastric predators such as marine mammals and seabirds, by far the greatest contributor to adipose tissue FA composition is direct deposition of FA from diet, so that the relative influence of diet on a predator's fat stores may often be readily apparent. However, there will also be contributions from the other two processes. Thus, predator FA will never exactly match those of its prey. An understanding of when and where these differences in FA arise allows the investigator to select those FA that are most relevant to the question being posed. Lipid digestion and products— As noted earlier, we confine our discussion of lipid metabolism in higher order vertebrate predators to monogastric (non-ruminant) animals because, in ruminants, the extensive foregut fermentation generally results in the complete degradation of ingested FA. We also address only specific issues needed to understand how predator FA relate to diet, as there are several excellent reviews of general lipid and FA metabolism (e.g., Harwood and Russell, 1984, Cook 1991, Gurr and Harwood 1991). In the simplest and most common scenario, a prey item contains only acyl lipids, such as TAG and PL. During digestion by the predator, ingested lipids are hydrolyzed (i.e., ester bonds are broken) to yield free FA (FFA), monoacylglycerols, and, in the case of PL, lysophospholipids (a glycerol backbone with a phosphatic acid derivative and only one FA). These products pass through the mucosal wall of the small intestine, reform into acyl lipids (i.e., TAG) and are transported by chylomicrons (i.e., the lipoproteins which carry FA derived from diet, consisting primarily of TAG) in the blood to tissues. However, short- and medium-chain FA < 14 C are an exception, as they are not incorporated into chylomicrons, but are transported to the liver where they are immediately oxidized (Brindley 1991, Papamandjaris et al. 1998). Thus, FA < 14 C that are present in predator lipids can only have arisen from de novo biosynthesis within that predator and, therefore, have no relation to diet. Once circulating chylomicron-TAG arrive at the tissue, they are again hydrolyzed. FA are then either metabolized for energy or re-esterified into TAG for storage. Some FA are also used in structural tissues or can be transformed into hormones and secondary messengers. Although all tissues contain FA in membrane structures or in small lipid depots, it is adipose tissue (or blubber in the case of marine mammals) that is the principle FA storage site and it is composed primarily of TAG. Adipose tissue TAG are also the principle form of energy storage in animals, as animals have only a very limited capacity to store carbohydrate. All FA consumed in excess of immediate requirements are deposited in this reservoir. As noted above, other than FA < 14 C, most FA are deposited in the TAG reservoir of adipose tissue in similar proportions to that consumed in the diet. However, there are notable exceptions (Iverson et al. 2004) that are relatively predictable given our current knowledge of FA metabolism, as discussed below. In the case of TAG digestion discussed above, esterified FA are consumed and esterified FA are deposited. A slightly more complicated process occurs with the consumption of prey that contain long-chain, non-acid functional groups, such as the fatty alcohols in WE. When an ingested WE is metabolized, it is first hydrolyzed to produce its constituent FA and fatty alcohol. Enzymes in the gastrointestinal tract then act to oxidize the fatty alcohol to its corresponding FA (i.e., an equal number of C atoms with the same double bond positions). This FA then joins the total ingested pool of FA available for incorporation into TAG, and is transported in chylomicrons and deposited. Thus, if a predator stores its FA as TAG in adipose tissue, it will do so even if it consumes a diet high in WE. In contrast, in predators that have evolved to use WE as an energy storage form, the reverse process occurs whereby FA consumed in the diet are reduced to the corresponding fatty alcohol, which is then incorporated into WE for subsequent storage. It is not known where this reduction occurs, but given the absence of WE in circulating blood, it seems likely that it takes place at the site of WE formation in storage tissue. There is evidence from invertebrates and rats that transformation of FA to fatty alcohols is not random. The enzymes responsible for catalyzing the reduction of FA to fatty alcohols is specific for MUFA, while PUFA are rarely present as alcohols (Bandi and Mangold 1973, Sargent 1976). Thus, it is important to note two issues. First, the consumption and storage of WE are decoupled in animals: whether a predator consumes WE or TAG has nothing to do with whether it stores FA as WE or TAG; WE storage seems to be a phylogenetic trait (Sargent et al. 1976). Second, FA stored in a predator that deposits WE will not be representative of all FA ingested because some portion of the fatty alcohol component of the storage WE has been derived from the reduction of ingested FA. Thus, both FA and fatty alcohol components must be analyzed to recreate the original composition of FA ingested. Storage of WE is clearly more complex to consider than that of TAG but, assuming accurate quantification of ingested and deposited WE alcohols and all other acyl lipids, we can treat the combined alcohol and FA composition of the diet as a single FA pool that the organism draws upon to fill its adipose tissue. That is, whether a TAG or a WE is formed by the predator, the same starting material is used: FA (from either ingested FA or oxidized fatty alcohol). It is the fatty hydrocarbon chain that is pertinent to diet estimation, and, because fatty alcohols and FA are essentially equivalent, the differing functionality of each is irrelevant. The vinyl-ether linked carbon chains in plasmalogens are also modified during digestion to yield FA. In the intestine, enzymatic oxidation of the vinyl-ether linkage produces a fatty aldehyde (Fig. 2C) that is subsequently oxidized to the corresponding FA. The situation with plasmalogens is further complicated because, with typical methods of analysis, the vinyl-ether linkage is transformed into a dimethyl acetal (DMA, Fig. 2C) that interferes with the identification of some common FA. Because plasmalogens and other FA precursors, such as WE, ultimately add to the predator's FA pool, their levels in the prey must be determined. Studies that claim to "clean-up" their samples prior to analysis by removing all compounds that are not FA are often discarding portions containing these important FA precursors. FA modification and biosynthesis— With an understanding of the relatively direct transport of FA from ingestion to deposition in adipose tissue, the next issue to consider in relating FA to diet is the extent to which FA may be modified during this process, or synthesized de novo, by the predator. Slight modification within the carbon chain of FA may occur between ingestion and deposition. Birds and mammals are capable of elongating the carbon chain of dietary FA by two carbon units and adding double bonds (desaturation) (Cook 1991). However, these modifications are typically restricted to SFA and MUFA, and are inhibited during both fasting and the consumption of high-fat diets (usually defined as >30% of total calories from fat), particularly those high in long-chain PUFA. While fat contents of prey vary seasonally, it is likely that most pinnipeds, cetaceans, and seabirds consume a diet in the range of 5% fat or more, containing high levels of long-chain PUFA, which would equate to >30% of calories. For instance, an average herring, at 8% fat and 17% protein, would contain about 44% of calories as fat. Thus, FA that have been elongated and desaturated are unlikely to make a significant contribution to the adipose FA in predators consuming such species. A more significant modification process may be the chain shortening of some long-chain MUFA. In both marine mammals and seabirds, reduced deposition, relative to diet, of most isomers of 22:1 and 20:1 are consistently observed (Iverson and Springer 2002, Iverson et al. 2004). Recent work on the gray seal (Halichoerus grypus) has shown that this is due, as in other vertebrates, to peroxisomal chain shortening of those isomers (Cooper et al. 2006). The main products of this chain shortening are 18:1 isomers (Norseth and Christophersen 1978, Osmundsen et al. 1979); consistent with this, enhanced deposition of these isomers is typically encountered in marine mammal and seabird fat depots. Captive feeding studies on seals have shown that dietary radio-labeled 18:1n-9 is directly deposited without modification and unlikely to arise from de novo synthesis (Budge et al. 2004). Thus, the enhanced levels of 18:1 relative to diet likely arise from chain shortening of 22:1 and 20:1. However, the predictable relationship between the isomers 22:1, 20:1, and 18:1 allows us to account for their levels in fat depots of marine predators (Iverson et al. 2004, Cooper et al. 2006). De novo synthesis of FA (i.e., biosynthesis of FA from carbohydrate or protein precursors) may also occur within predators, but, like elongation and desaturation, it is limited to SFA and MUFA and inhibited during fasting or by high-fat diets. When fasting, animals do not synthesize or modify fat, but rather mobilize it and completely oxidize it for energy. Conversely, when a predator is consuming a diet containing adequate or excess fat, including all the essential FA (i.e., long-c hain PUFA that are prevalent in marine ecosystems), there is no need to synthesize fat. In birds and mammals, de novo synthesis typically only occurs when the animal is consuming a low-fat (usually defined as about 10% of total calories) and especially high-carbohydrate diet. In the gray seal, the primary product of de novo synthesis is 16:0 (Cooper 2004); this agrees with data from terrestrial vertebrates (Volpe and Vagelos 1973, Brindley 1978), so we can reasonably assume that the same is likely true in other marine predators. Thus, de novo synthesis in the predator is unlikely to be responsible for enhanced proportions of any FA other than 16:0. In fact, in seals, 16:0 is often present at amounts lower than that found in diet (Iverson et al. 2004), again indicating that de novo synthesis is unlikely to be an important source of FA in non-fasting animals consuming a high-fat diet. Differential mobilization of some individual FA during fasting has been reported in seabirds and lactating seals (Groscolas 1990, Iverson et al. 1995). The pattern of differential mobilization was consistent among the predators examined in that 20:5n-3 was differentially mobilized while 20:1n-9 was selectively retained. Raclot (2003) has suggested that differential mobilization is determined solely by polarity of the FA. However, this explanation seems too simplistic, as differential mobilization of other polar FA, such as 22:6n-3 and 20:4n-6, is not observed. Additionally, data from long-term fasting studies in both northern elephant seal (Mirounga angustirostris) and gray seal pups have shown no net change in overall FA composition with time (D. Noren, unpublished data; S. J. Iverson and W. D. Bowen, unpublished data). While further studies on long-term fasting will be important, the slight effects of short-term fasting on FA composition are unlikely to have significant impacts on diet estimation. Often branched-chain and odd-carbon numbered straight chain FA are present in trace amounts in the adipose tissue of vertebrate predators. Many of these, particularly those of 14–18 carbons in length, are originally derived from bacteria (Sargent et al. 1987, Ackman 1989) and normally accumulate in prey and predator adipose tissue at levels <2% of total FA (Iverson et al. 1995, Raclot et al. 1998, Budge et al. 2002, Iverson et al. 2002). Their levels in prey items will fluctuate depending on consumption of detritus and the activity of bacteria present in the gut. Little is known about the metabolism of these compounds once they are ingested, but presumably they are treated like normal FA and are deposited in the adipose tissue as TAG; however, these FA are not particularly indicative of dietary FA intake because they may be synthesized in both the predator (by gut flora) and prey, and are generally only present in trace quantities. The adipose tissues of a few taxonomic marine predator groups contain substantial amounts of short branched-chain FA (e.g., i-4:0, i-5:0, i-10:0 and i-12:0). For example, certain families of cetaceans (delphinids, phocoenids, and monodontids) contain considerable levels of the branched chain FA i-5:0 (isovaleric acid). In the blubber and head fats of some species (e.g., northern right whale dolphin, Lissodelphis borealis) this compound is the dominant FA, accounting for up to 40% of total FA (Koopman et al. 2003). These short branched-chain FA are not derived from bacteria but instead are synthesized de novo from amino acid precursors (Morii and Kaneda 1982). In the blubber, they are hypothesized to play a role in tissue pliability in cold water environments (Koopman et al. 2003) and in head fats, to function in sound reception and transmission (Varanasi and Malins 1971, Koopman et al. 2006). This de novo synthesis most likely takes place locally, in the tissues in which these FA are found, as any significant quantities found in the circulation would likely be toxic (Koopman et al. 2003). This de novo synthesis means that, like the longer branched-chain FA, these short branched-chain FA are not indicative of diet. Indeed, as discussed above, if consumed in diet they would be completely oxidized after consumption. Nevertheless, the high concentration of these molecules in the tissues of some groups of animals requires different methods of analysis (see "Short chain FA" below). A number of different tissues, including adipose tissue, blubber, milk, and blood, may contain information about diet, with the particular tissue type chosen depending on the focus of the research and the limitations of sampling a particular group of animals. These tissues provide insight into diet over different temporal scales. Adipose tissue is composed of fat cells (adipocytes) and may be metabolic (i.e., site of energy storage) or structural (e.g., cushions in eye sockets and in the pads of the feet of mammalian quadrupeds) in nature (Pond 1998). Structural adipose tissue usually has a specific composition of lipids and other constituents (of endogenous or exogenous origin) for its function and experiences relatively little turnover; thus, structural adipose tissue will bear little resemblance to dietary lipid intake. Therefore, only adipose tissue that serves as a fat energy depot, such as subcutaneous or mysenteric fat, is useful in diet determination. Blubber is a specialized type of subcutaneous adipose tissue found in marine mammals, comprised of adipocytes held within an organized matrix of proteinaceous fiber (Pond 1998). Blubber has a number of functions, including thermal insulation, hydrodynamic streamlining, acting as a biological spring to reduce the cost of locomotion and serving as an energy storage depot (Ryg et al. 1988, Pabst 1996, Iverson 2002). Thus, blubber can have a stratified structure depending on whether it is located in an area that serves primarily structural

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(18/38)
TITLE: A Family of Yeast Proteins Mediating Bidirectional Vacuolar Amino Acid Transport
ABSTRACT: Seven genes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae are predicted to code for membrane-spanning proteins (designated AVT1–7) that are related to the neuronal γ-aminobutyric acid-glycine vesicular transporters. We have now demonstrated that four of these proteins mediate amino acid transport in vacuoles. One protein, AVT1, is required for the vacuolar uptake of large neutral amino acids including tyrosine, glutamine, asparagine, isoleucine, and leucine. Three proteins, AVT3, AVT4, and AVT6, are involved in amino acid efflux from the vacuole and, as such, are the first to be shown directly to transport compounds from the lumen of an acidic intracellular organelle. This function is consistent with the role of the vacuole in protein degradation, whereby accumulated amino acids are exported to the cytosol. Protein AVT6 is responsible for the efflux of aspartate and glutamate, an activity that would account for their exclusion from vacuoles in vivo. Transport by AVT1 and AVT6 requires ATP for function and is abolished in the presence of nigericin, indicating that the same pH gradient can drive amino acid transport in opposing directions. Efflux of tyrosine and other large neutral amino acids by the two closely related proteins, AVT3 and AVT4, is similar in terms of substrate specificity to transport systemh described in mammalian lysosomes and melanosomes. These findings suggest that yeast AVT transporter function has been conserved to control amino acid flux in vacuolar-like organelles. Seven genes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae are predicted to code for membrane-spanning proteins (designated AVT1–7) that are related to the neuronal γ-aminobutyric acid-glycine vesicular transporters. We have now demonstrated that four of these proteins mediate amino acid transport in vacuoles. One protein, AVT1, is required for the vacuolar uptake of large neutral amino acids including tyrosine, glutamine, asparagine, isoleucine, and leucine. Three proteins, AVT3, AVT4, and AVT6, are involved in amino acid efflux from the vacuole and, as such, are the first to be shown directly to transport compounds from the lumen of an acidic intracellular organelle. This function is consistent with the role of the vacuole in protein degradation, whereby accumulated amino acids are exported to the cytosol. Protein AVT6 is responsible for the efflux of aspartate and glutamate, an activity that would account for their exclusion from vacuoles in vivo. Transport by AVT1 and AVT6 requires ATP for function and is abolished in the presence of nigericin, indicating that the same pH gradient can drive amino acid transport in opposing directions. Efflux of tyrosine and other large neutral amino acids by the two closely related proteins, AVT3 and AVT4, is similar in terms of substrate specificity to transport systemh described in mammalian lysosomes and melanosomes. These findings suggest that yeast AVT transporter function has been conserved to control amino acid flux in vacuolar-like organelles. γ-aminobutyric acid piperazine-N,N′-bis-2-ethanesulfonic acid hemagglutinin Caenorhabditis elegans UNC-47 (1McIntire S.L. Reimer R.J. Schuske K. Edwards R.H. Jorgensen E.M. Nature. 1997; 389: 870-876Crossref PubMed Scopus (678) Google Scholar) and the vertebrate homologues from rat (VGAT, 1) and mouse (VIAAT, 2) are synaptic vesicular transporters that are expressed exclusively in inhibitory neurons (see also Ref. 3Chaudhry F.A. Reimer R.J. Bellocchio E.E. Danbolt N.C. Osen K.K. Edwards R.H. Storm-Mathisen J. J. Neurosci. 1998; 18: 9733-9750Crossref PubMed Google Scholar) and are specific for the neurotransmitters γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA)1and glycine. These proteins differ in sequence, structure, and bioenergetics from the previously characterized family of vesicular transporters that package monoamines and acetylcholine (for current reviews, see Refs. 4Masson J. Sagné C. Hamon M. Mestikawy S.E. Pharmacol. Rev. 1999; 51: 439-464PubMed Google Scholar and 5Reimer R.J. Fon E.A. Edwards R.H. Curr. Opin. Neurobiol. 1998; 8: 405-412Crossref PubMed Scopus (98) Google Scholar). Common to all of these transporters is the fact that the movement of substrate from the cytosol into synaptic vesicles is driven by a proton electrochemical gradient that is generated by the action of a vacuolar-type H+-ATPase and involves the exchange of lumenal protons. A search for other vertebrate proteins related to the GABA-glycine vesicular transporters has led recently to the isolation and expression of cDNAs that, surprisingly, code for Na+-coupled plasma membrane carriers. The system N transporters from rat (SN1, 6) and mouse (NAT1, 7) are expressed in the liver, kidney, and heart and within brain astrocytes and are specific for glutamine, histidine, and to a lesser degree, asparagine. Amino acid transport by these proteins is unique in that it also involves an exchange of protons (6Chaudhry F.A. Reimer R.J. Krizaj D. Barber D. Storm-Mathisen J. Copenhagen D.R. Edwards R.H. Cell. 1999; 99: 769-780Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (280) Google Scholar, 8Fei Y.-J. Sugawara M. Nakanishi T. Huang W. Wang H. Prasad P.D. Leibach F.H. Ganapathy V. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 23707-23717Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar), the mechanism utilized by vesicular neurotransmitter transporters. In addition, two transporters with ∼50% identity to SN1/NAT1 have now been identified and categorized as system A due to their ability to transport α-methylaminoisobutyric acid (9Reimer R.J. Chaudry F.A. Gray A.T. Edwards R.H. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 7715-7720Crossref PubMed Scopus (163) Google Scholar, 10Sugawara M. Nakanishi T. Fei Y.-J. Huang W. Ganapathy M.E. Leibach F.H. Ganapathy V. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 16473-16477Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (231) Google Scholar, 11Varoqui H. Zhu H. Yao D. Ming H. Erickson J.D. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 4049-4054Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (253) Google Scholar, 12Yao D. Mackenzie B. Ming H. Varoqui H. Zhu H. Hediger M.A. Erickson J.D. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 22790-22797Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (199) Google Scholar). One protein (termed SA1, ATA2, or SAT2) is expressed in most tissues and, compared with system N, has a wider substrate specificity that includes glutamine as well as most of the smaller neutral amino acids. The second system A carrier, referred to as GlnT, transports a similar set of amino acids but is highly expressed in the brain, specifically within neurons that release the excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate (11Varoqui H. Zhu H. Yao D. Ming H. Erickson J.D. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 4049-4054Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (253) Google Scholar). Other characterized members of this growing protein family include the group of plant amino acid/auxin permeases, of which 12 proteins have now been identified in Arabidopsis thaliana (13Young G.B. Jack D.L. Smith D.W. Saier Jr., M.H. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1999; 1415: 306-322Crossref PubMed Scopus (121) Google Scholar). These permeases actively transport amino acids into the plant cell and presumably utilize an amino acid/H+ symport mechanism. The vacuole of Saccharomyces cerevisiae is a highly complex organelle that is involved in both the enzymatic degradation of proteins and the homeostatic control of a vast assortment of solutes including ions and amino acids (for a review, see Ref. 14Klionsky D.J. Herman P.K. Emr S.D. Microbiol. Rev. 1990; 54: 266-292Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Like synaptic vesicles, vacuoles maintain an acidic internal environment through the action of a vacuolar-type H+-ATPase that generates a proton electrochemical gradient of 180 mV (ΔpH of 1.7 units) across the vacuolar-membrane (15Kakinuma Y. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1981; 256: 10859-10863Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). In mammals, the equivalent to vacuoles and the major site for protein degradation is the lysosome. Both organelles support a variety of carrier-mediated transport systems, many of which rely on the imposed pH gradient as a driving force. Although several amino acid transport systems have been described in purified vacuoles (16Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1981; 256: 2079-2082Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 17Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11505-11508Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 18Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11509-11511Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) and lysosomes (for a review, see Ref. 19Pisoni R.L. Thoene J.G. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1991; 1071: 351-373Crossref PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar), the proteins responsible for these activities have yet to be identified. Sequence analysis of the complete S. cerevisiae genome has predicted seven yeast proteins of unknown function that are related to the UNC-47/VGAT/VIAAT family. Because these proteins do not resemble any of the characterized permeases required for the cellular uptake of amino acids, we have investigated the role of this new family of yeast proteins in vacuolar amino acid transport. Genotypes of the S. cerevisiae strains used in this study are given in Table I. Yeast strains were grown at 30 °C in either YPD or selective SD medium (20Sherman F. Methods Enzymol. 1991; 194: 3-21Crossref PubMed Scopus (2543) Google Scholar). To knock out each of theAVT genes, the entire coding region was replaced with the appropriate selective marker gene. Marker genes were polymerase chain reaction-amplified from the plasmids pRS423 (HIS3), pRS424 (TRP1), pRS425 (LEU2), or pRS426 (URA3) (gifts of Joachim Lee) with 60-mer oligonucleotides of which 40 nucleotides corresponded to either the 5′- or 3′-flanking portion of the AVT gene to be disrupted. Transformation of the appropriate haploid yeast strains (21Chen D.C. Yang B.C. Kuo T.T. Curr. Genet. 1992; 21: 83-84Crossref PubMed Scopus (586) Google Scholar) was carried out with gel-purified polymerase chain reaction products followed by selection on SD medium. Correct homologous recombination events were confirmed by chromosomal polymerase chain reaction analysis of the isolated transformants.Table IS. cerevisiae strains used in this studyStrainGenotypeYJL306Mata leu2–3,112 ura3–52,trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM11Δavt1∷URA3 Δavt2∷TRP1 Δavt3∷LEU2 Δavt4∷HIS3 leu2–3,112,ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM12Mata Δavt1∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM13Mata Δavt2∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM14Mata Δavt3∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM15Mata Δavt4∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM16Mata Δavt5∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM17Mata Δavt6∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM18Mata Δavt7∷HIS3, leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM22Δavt1∷URA3 Δavt3∷LEU2 Δavt4∷HIS3 leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM33Mata Δavt5∷HIS3 Δavt6∷TRP1 leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM35Mata Δavt5∷HIS3 Δavt6∷TRP1 Δavt7∷URA3 leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200YSM36Mata Δavt3∷HIS3 Δavt4∷URA3 leu2–3,112 ura3–52 trp1–289 his3-Δ200 Open table in a new tab Yeast vacuoles were isolated using a modified version of the procedure described by Kakinumaet al. (15Kakinuma Y. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1981; 256: 10859-10863Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Briefly, 500-ml cultures were grown in YPD medium to an A600 of 3.5–4.0, and the cells were collected by centrifugation at 4,400 ×g for 5 min. Cells were washed once with 30 ml of distilled water at room temperature and converted to spheroplasts by resuspending them in 30 ml of 1 m Sorbitol and adding 500 μl of a 4 mg/ml zymolyase 100T (ICN) solution in 50 mm Tris-HCl, pH 7.5, 1 mm EDTA, and 50% glycerol. The culture was shaken gently for 1 h at 30 °C, and spheroplasts were collected at 2,200 × g for 5 min at 4 °C and washed twice in 20 ml of ice-cold 1 m Sorbitol. All subsequent manipulations were carried out at 4 °C. Spheroplasts were lysed by resuspension in 16 ml of Buffer A (10 mm PIPES, pH 6.9, 0.1 mmMgCl2, 12% Ficoll 400, and 0.42 mm Pefabloc SC) and homogenized by 15 strokes in a 15 ml Dounce with tight pestle. The lysate was cleared by centrifugation at 2,200 ×g for 10 min, and 12 ml of the supernatant was divided between two 89 × 14-mm polyallomer tubes. Each sample was overlaid with another 6 ml of Buffer A and centrifuged at 60,000 × g for 30 min in a Beckman SW41 Ti rotor. The floating vacuoles were collected and completely suspended in 400 μl of 2× Buffer C (1× Buffer C = 10 mm PIPES, pH 6.9, 5 mm MgCl2, and 12.5 mm KCl) and 0.42 mm Pefabloc SC before diluting with an equal volume of 1× Buffer C and 0.42 mm Pefabloc SC. The final vacuole suspension, which was typically at a concentration of 1.25–1.5 μg/μl as determined by the Bradford assay, was either used immediately or frozen at −80 °C in 200-μl aliquots. Standard reaction conditions included 10 mm PIPES, pH 6.9, 4 mmMgCl2, 4 mm KCl, 4 mm ATP, and 50 μm unlabeled amino acid with 1 μCi of3H-amino acid and 10–20 μg of purified vacuoles per 100 μl of reaction volume. Where indicated, nigericin was also included at a final concentration of 6.5 μm. Generally, reaction mixtures minus vacuoles were preincubated for 1 min at 30 °C. After the addition of vacuoles, duplicate (or quadruplicate in the case of aspartate and glutamate) 100-μl samples were removed at the appropriate times. Vacuoles were recovered quickly by suction on a membrane filter (Millipore HA; 0.45 μm) and washed immediately three times with 2 ml of ice-cold 1× Buffer C. Filters were dried, and the incorporated radioactivity was measured by scintillation counting in 5 ml of Filtron-X (National Diagnostics). All radiolabeled amino acids were obtained from New England Nuclear Laboratories. A homology search of the complete S. cerevisiae genome with VGAT sequences identified seven open reading frames that we have designated AVT1–7 foramino acid vacuolartransport (see below). Along with VGAT and its orthologues, the yeast AVT proteins belong to a large family of proteins that includes the amino acid/auxin permease family of plants (13Young G.B. Jack D.L. Smith D.W. Saier Jr., M.H. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1999; 1415: 306-322Crossref PubMed Scopus (121) Google Scholar), ∼12 other predicted open reading frames from both C. elegans and Drosophila, and the mammalian system A and system N Na+-dependent plasma membrane transporters (6Chaudhry F.A. Reimer R.J. Krizaj D. Barber D. Storm-Mathisen J. Copenhagen D.R. Edwards R.H. Cell. 1999; 99: 769-780Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (280) Google Scholar, 7Gu S. Roderick H.L. Camacho P. Jiang J.X. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 3230-3235Crossref PubMed Scopus (84) Google Scholar, 8Fei Y.-J. Sugawara M. Nakanishi T. Huang W. Wang H. Prasad P.D. Leibach F.H. Ganapathy V. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 23707-23717Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar, 9Reimer R.J. Chaudry F.A. Gray A.T. Edwards R.H. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 7715-7720Crossref PubMed Scopus (163) Google Scholar, 10Sugawara M. Nakanishi T. Fei Y.-J. Huang W. Ganapathy M.E. Leibach F.H. Ganapathy V. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 16473-16477Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (231) Google Scholar, 11Varoqui H. Zhu H. Yao D. Ming H. Erickson J.D. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 4049-4054Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (253) Google Scholar, 12Yao D. Mackenzie B. Ming H. Varoqui H. Zhu H. Hediger M.A. Erickson J.D. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 22790-22797Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (199) Google Scholar). Like other members of this family, the yeast proteins contain a core region of ∼400–450 amino acids that harbors 9–11 predicted hydrophobic transmembrane domains. In addition to this apparent conservation in topological features, a sequence alignment (see Fig. 1 C) reveals a number of amino acid positions (usually within transmembrane domains) where invariant or highly conserved amino acid residues are utilized. Sizes of the predicted yeast proteins range from 448 to 713 amino acids, with the greatest disparity due to extended and divergent hydrophilic N-terminal sequences in the case of AVT1, AVT3, and AVT4. The yeast AVT proteins can be further subdivided into four main branches defined by AVT1, AVT2, AVT3/4, and AVT5/6/7 (Fig. 1 A). As shown, some of these yeast proteins are more closely related to known transporters from distant species such as worms and mammals than they are to other yeast branch members. Interestingly, AVT3 and AVT4 appear to be more highly evolutionarily conserved because these proteins show significant homology (greater than 25% identity) to a number of predicted proteins from C. elegans and Drosophila melanogaster, two organisms whose entire genome sequences have now been determined. The relationship of these predicted proteins to AVT3 and AVT4 as compared with UNC-47 is shown in Fig. 1 B, whereas their amino acid sequences have been aligned in Fig. 1 D.Figure 1Seven yeast proteins are related to the UNC-47 family of amino acid transporters. A, dendrogram of the AVT proteins from S. cerevisiae (see Table II for specific gene loci) with the corresponding known homologues fromSchizosaccharomyces pombe (GenBank™ accession numbers are shown). Also included are the GABA vesicular transporters from C. elegans (UNC-47; GenBank™ accession number AF031935) and rat (VGAT; GenBank™ accession number AF030253), as well as the system N (SN1; GenBank™ accession number AF273025) and system A (GlnT; GenBank™ accession number AF075704) plasma membrane transporters. Overall identities for the more closely related pairs are 52% for AVT5 and AVT6, 50% for SN1 and GlnT, 38% for AVT3 and AVT4, and 35% for UNC-47 and VGAT. AVT7 shares 35% sequence identity with both AVT5 and AVT6. B, dendrogram of proteins from C. elegans and Drosophila that show the highest BLAST alignment scores to both AVT3 and AVT4, compared with UNC-47. The GanBank™ accession numbers for hypothetical nematode proteins T27A1.5 and Y43F4B.7 are AAB71045.1 and T26845, respectively, whereas those for the predicted fly proteins are indicated.C, sequence alignment of AVT1–7 with VGAT showing identical (black) and conserved (gray) residues.D, sequence alignment of the proteins shown in B,excluding UNC-47.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) The identification of several genes closely related to the GABA vesicular transporters was interesting, given that many proteins in S. cerevisiae, including UGA4, a GABA-specific permease (22André B. Hein C. Grenson M. Jauniaux J.C. Mol. Gen. Genet. 1993; 237: 17-25Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar), are involved in the use of GABA as a nitrogen source. To investigate the potential role of theAVT genes in GABA flux and to establish a genetic system to study AVT protein function, we decided to test strains carrying deletedAVT genes for GABA-specific growth defects. Preliminary knockout experiments in diploid strains followed by sporulation and tetrad analysis indicated that the AVT genes were not essential for growth. This allowed the creation, by direct transformation (see "Experimental Procedures" for details), of a variety of isogenic haploid strains carrying both the single and multiple gene deletions shown in Table I. We tested these strains for their ability to grow on 1 mmGABA as the sole nitrogen source and found no discernible difference from the wild type. Furthermore, we disrupted theUGA1 gene (23André B. Jauniaux J.C. Nucleic Acids Res. 1990; 18: 3049Crossref PubMed Scopus (32) Google Scholar), which codes for GABA transaminase that converts GABA to glutamate, in each of the single AVTdeletion strains and observed no differential growth on YPD medium containing high levels (50 mm) of GABA compared with the Δuga1 strain alone. Finally, we have observed that GABA is not actively taken up by purified yeast vacuoles, even at high (500 μm) concentrations (Fig.2 A, see below). Seven amino acid uptake systems have been described in yeast vacuoles (16Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1981; 256: 2079-2082Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 17Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11505-11508Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 18Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11509-11511Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar), including three that are specific for basic amino acids, the most abundant amino acids found in this organelle (24Kitamoto K. Yoshizawa K. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Bacteriol. 1988; 170: 2683-2686Crossref PubMed Scopus (145) Google Scholar, 25Wiemken A. Dürr M. Arch. Microbiol. 1974; 101: 45-57Crossref PubMed Scopus (135) Google Scholar). To determine whether any of the AVT proteins were involved in these processes, we tested vacuoles purified from the created Δavt strains for the uptake of radiolabeled amino acids. Shown in Fig. 2 A is the ATP-dependent uptake of lysine (10-fold) and arginine (5-fold) in 4 min by vacuoles purified from wild type yeast. Both activities are extremely sensitive to nigericin, a K+/H+ antiporter that disrupts the pH gradient without affecting the electrical gradient. However, robust lysine, arginine, and histidine transport were also observed in vacuoles obtained from any of the AVT gene-deleted strains tested. The results obtained for lysine and arginine with theΔavt1, Δavt2, Δavt3,Δavt4 quadruple mutant and the Δavt5,Δavt6, Δavt7 triple mutant are shown in Fig.2 B. However, the finding that lysine influx is unaffected by AVT protein function allowed us to accurately quantify the activity of purified vacuolar fractions, greatly facilitating the comparative analysis described below. Distinct transport systems have also been described for tyrosine, glutamine/asparagine, isoleucine/leucine, and phenylalanine/tryptophan (17Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11505-11508Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Like lysine, tyrosine was also concentrated ∼10-fold in the presence of ATP (Fig. 3 B). This uptake was decreased dramatically in the presence of nigericin and was not further reduced by the addition of valinomycin, a K+ ionophore that would dissipate any remaining electrical gradients (data not shown). Our first indication that some of the AVT proteins might be involved in vacuolar amino acid transport came from the observation that tyrosine uptake was completely eliminated in theΔavt1 mutant (Fig. 3 B), whereas high lysine activity was retained (Fig. 3 A). Although tyrosine uptake was shown to be blocked in these vacuoles in vitro, high levels of tyrosine (0.5 and 5 mm) were not toxic to theΔavt1 strain (data not shown). Surprisingly, AVT1 was also required for the active uptake of both glutamine and isoleucine, which were previously thought to be transported by separate carriers. The accumulation of these amino acids was reduced ∼5-fold (Fig.4 A) and 8-fold (Fig.4 B), respectively, in vacuoles purified fromΔavt1 compared with the wild type.Figure 4Both AVT1-dependent influx and synergistic efflux by AVT3 and AVT4 determine steady-state levels of tyrosine, glutamine, and isoleucine. Glutamine (A), isoleucine (B), and tyrosine (C) uptake assays in the presence of ATP by vacuoles purified from the single and double deletion strains shown.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) Further testing of vacuoles purified from the other AVT deletion strains resulted in the finding that large neutral amino acids could accumulate more rapidly and to higher levels when compared with wild type. As shown in Fig. 4, tyrosine, glutamine, and isoleucine uptakes were all increased in the Δavt3, Δavt4 double mutant. The effect was more dramatic for tyrosine and isoleucine (greater than 2-fold) but was also significant for glutamine. One interpretation of these observations was that there exists an activity that exports these amino acids to the outside. Thus, AVT3 and AVT4, which share ∼40% sequence identity, appear to act synergistically in this process because single mutants had only partial phenotypes (Fig.4). We note that for each amino acid, the removal of AVT4 appeared to have a more pronounced effect, and, in fact, the uptake of isoleucine was unaltered in vacuoles purified from Δavt3. We conclude from these observations that AVT4 may be a more efficient transporter than AVT3 under the given in vitro assay conditions. One possibility is that AVT4 possesses a higher affinity for the various substrates. As expected, the accumulation of large neutral amino acids in the Δavt3, Δavt4 double mutant was completely eliminated with the further removal of AVT1 (Δavt1, Δavt3, Δavt4 triple mutant; data not shown). Sato et al. (17Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11505-11508Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) observed that unlabeled tryptophan or phenylalanine did not compete with tyrosine or leucine for vacuolar uptake and therefore must be actively transported by a protein or proteins other than AVT1. In our hands, uptake assays with [3H]tryptophan appeared to result in some degree of vacuolar accumulation, but over very high background levels due to nonspecific filter binding (data not shown). This has made it difficult to adequately interpret the data and to assess relatively small strain-specific differences. However, we have routinely observed a lack of ATP-dependent tryptophan uptake in vacuoles isolated from Δavt1 but cannot yet offer an explanation for this apparent discrepancy with the previously published competition studies. Previous reports (16Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1981; 256: 2079-2082Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 17Sato T. Ohsumi Y. Anraku Y. J. Biol. Chem. 1984; 259: 11505-11508Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) have also shown that many amino acids, including methionine, serine, glycine, cysteine, proline, valine, threonine, and alanine, are not actively taken up by vacuoles in vitro. With the discovery that the inactivation of the amino acid effluxers AVT3 and AVT4 resulted in higher accumulation of some neutral amino acids, we retested glycine and proline in Δavt3,Δavt4 vacuoles and observed no ATP-dependent uptake (data not shown). Vacuoles purified from wild type cells accumulated less glutamate and aspartate in the presence of ATP (Fig.5, A and B). As could be demonstrated for amino acid uptake, this apparent ATP-dependent efflux of acidic amino acids was sensitive to nigericin. To distinguish between efflux, the actual displacement of substrate from the lumen of the vacuole to the outside, and an alternative phenomenon such as decreased inward diffusion when a proton electrochemical gradient was imposed on the system, we carried out the assays shown in Fig. 6. Vacuoles were preloaded with [3H]glutamate in the absence of ATP and then monitored for amino acid content after the addition of ATP or ATP plus nigericin. Consistent with an active efflux mechanism, glutamate levels decreased steadily in the presence of ATP alone. Again, efflux was not observed in the presence of nigericin (Fig.6 A) nor from vacuoles prepared from the Δavt6mutant (Fig. 6 B, see below).Figure 6AVT6, but not AVT5 or AVT7, is required for glutamate and aspartate transport out of vacuoles. Efflux assays using vacuoles purified from either (A) wild type or (B) Δavt6 strains. Vacuoles were preloaded with [3H]glutamate for 5 min at 30 °C. Samples (0 min) were removed immediately before or 1 min and 4 min after the addition of ATP or ATP plus nigericin. Accumulation in 4 min of (C) glutamate and (D) aspartate in the absence or presence of ATP or ATP plus nigericin in vacuoles isolated from the indicated mutant strains is shown.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) We further tested various AVT deletion strains for ATP-dependent efflux of either glutamate (Fig.6 C) or aspartate (Fig. 6 C) and observed that both activities were lost only in vacuoles purified from Δavt6. Even though AVT5 and AVT7 are 50% and 35% identical, respectively, to AVT6, wild type activity was retained in the Δavt5 andΔavt7 mutant strains. In addition, glutamate and aspartate levels were not further altered in a Δavt5,Δavt6 double mutant (Fig. 6) or in a Δavt5,Δavt6, Δavt7 triple mutant (data not shown). The potential inability of the Δavt5, Δavt6mutant strain to pump acidic amino acids from vacuoles in vivo did not alter its growth (data not shown) on medium containing high glutamate (0.5 m, pH 7.0). We have been unable to assign any vacuolar amino acid transport role to proteins AVT2, AVT5, or AVT7. To determine (a) if these proteins are associated with vacuoles and (b) whether transporters with a definite vacuolar function are localized exclusively to this organelle, we have carried out preliminary indirect immunofluorescence using HA-tagged molecules (data not shown). To summarize briefly, AVT1HA, AVT4HA, and AVT6HA (all proteins with vacuolar function) display a staining pattern that is indistinguishable from that of VMA2, the 60-kDa B subunit of the vacuolar ATPase. A similar pattern was obtained with AVT7HA, but in addition, strong immunoreactivity was observed at the plasma membrane in a large fraction of cells. On the other hand, AVT2HA expression was distinct and resulted in pun

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(19/38)
TITLE: Territoriality Versus Flocking in the Zenaida Dove (<i>Zenaida aurita</i>): Resource Polymorphism Revisited Using Morphological and Genetic Analyses
ABSTRACT: The term "resource polymorphism" refers to the existence of alternative phenotypes in relation to resource use, as a result of disruptive selection. Evidence for resource polymorphism is widespread in fish but remains scarce in birds. Although Zenaida Doves (Zenaida aurita) usually defend year-round territories, doves on Barbados can also be observed foraging at seed-storage sites in large flocks with little, if any, inter-individual aggression. On the basis of morphological variation, it has been suggested (Sol et al. 2005) that this represents a case of resource polymorphism, primarily driven by competition for territories. Using new data, we revisited the evidence for resource polymorphism in Zenaida Doves on Barbados. In particular, we added replicates in time and space for territorial and flock-foraging birds and used molecular markers to assign sex to adults and juveniles. In addition, we used microsatellite markers to assess potential genetic differentiation between flock-feeding and territorial doves. Our results confirm previous observations that territorial adults were larger than flock-feeding ones, whereas the reverse was observed in juveniles. Contrary to previous observations, we found a significant excess of females among flock-feeding adults, whereas the sex ratio was balanced in territorial adults and in juveniles. In addition, we observed no significant difference in body condition and no genetic differentiation between territorial and flock-feeding individuals. Overall, our data question the existence of resource polymorphism in Zenaida Doves in Barbados. We suggest alternative, more parsimonious explanations, based on age- and sex-related differences in the relative benefits of holding a territory.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(20/38)
TITLE: In Silico Instrumental Response Correction Improves Precision of Label-free Proteomics and Accuracy of Proteomics-based Predictive Models
ABSTRACT: In the analysis of proteome changes arising during the early stages of a biological process (e.g. disease or drug treatment) or from the indirect influence of an important factor, the biological variations of interest are often small (∼10%). The corresponding requirements for the precision of proteomics analysis are high, and this often poses a challenge, especially when employing label-free quantification. One of the main contributors to the inaccuracy of label-free proteomics experiments is the variability of the instrumental response during LC-MS/MS runs. Such variability might include fluctuations in the electrospray current, transmission efficiency from the air–vacuum interface to the detector, and detection sensitivity. We have developed an in silico post-processing method of reducing these variations, and have thus significantly improved the precision of label-free proteomics analysis. For abundant blood plasma proteins, a coefficient of variation of approximately 1% was achieved, which allowed for sex differentiation in pooled samples and ≈90% accurate differentiation of individual samples by means of a single LC-MS/MS analysis. This method improves the precision of measurements and increases the accuracy of predictive models based on the measurements. The post-acquisition nature of the correction technique and its generality promise its widespread application in LC-MS/MS-based methods such as proteomics and metabolomics. In the analysis of proteome changes arising during the early stages of a biological process (e.g. disease or drug treatment) or from the indirect influence of an important factor, the biological variations of interest are often small (∼10%). The corresponding requirements for the precision of proteomics analysis are high, and this often poses a challenge, especially when employing label-free quantification. One of the main contributors to the inaccuracy of label-free proteomics experiments is the variability of the instrumental response during LC-MS/MS runs. Such variability might include fluctuations in the electrospray current, transmission efficiency from the air–vacuum interface to the detector, and detection sensitivity. We have developed an in silico post-processing method of reducing these variations, and have thus significantly improved the precision of label-free proteomics analysis. For abundant blood plasma proteins, a coefficient of variation of approximately 1% was achieved, which allowed for sex differentiation in pooled samples and ≈90% accurate differentiation of individual samples by means of a single LC-MS/MS analysis. This method improves the precision of measurements and increases the accuracy of predictive models based on the measurements. The post-acquisition nature of the correction technique and its generality promise its widespread application in LC-MS/MS-based methods such as proteomics and metabolomics. Label-free proteomics is sensitive, comprehensive, and versatile (1Bondarenko P.V. Chelius D. Shaler T.A. Identification and relative quantitation of protein mixtures by enzymatic digestion followed by capillary reversed-phase liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry.Anal. Chem. 2002; 74: 4741-4749Crossref PubMed Scopus (317) Google Scholar, 2Neilson K.A. Ali N.A. Muralidharan S. Mirzaei M. Mariani M. Assadourian G. Lee A. van Sluyter S.C. Haynes P.A. Less label, more free: approaches in label-free quantitative mass spectrometry.Proteomics. 2011; 11: 535-553Crossref PubMed Scopus (538) Google Scholar). The "lyse, digest, and analyze" approach requires the least sample preparation and wet chemistry of all quantitative proteomics approaches (3Nunn B.L. Shaffer S.A. Scherl A. Gallis B. Wu M. Miller S.I. Goodlett D.R. Comparison of a Salmonella typhimurium proteome defined by shotgun proteomics directly on an LTQ-FT and by proteome pre-fractionation on an LCQ-DUO.Brief. Funct. Genomics Proteomics. 2006; 5: 154-168Crossref PubMed Scopus (16) Google Scholar). The label-free quantification technique is equally applicable to the analysis of peptide mixtures, protein complexes, body fluid proteomes, whole organisms, organs, and organelles. It also does not impose a limitation on the number of samples, which makes it best suited for the requirements of clinical proteomics in which analyses of large cohorts are common. Additionally, a single LC-MS/MS run can identify and quantify several thousand proteins, which makes the cost of analysis per quantified peptide, protein, or proteome very low (4Xie F. Liu T. Qian W.-J. Petyuk V.A. Smith R.D. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based quantitative proteomics.J. Biol. Chem. 2011; 286: 25443-25449Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (143) Google Scholar). A significant drawback of label-free proteomics has been its limited precision in the determination of relative changes in peptide abundance, even when the area of the extracted chromatographic peak is used as the peptide abundance. It has been estimated that such label-free quantification gives abundance ratio results that are on average two to three times less accurate than the "gold standard" in global proteomics, stable isotope labeling of amino acids in cell culture (SILAC) 1The abbreviations used are:CVcoefficient of variationESIelectrospray ionizationSILACstable isotope labeling with amino acids in cell cultureRTretention time. 1The abbreviations used are:CVcoefficient of variationESIelectrospray ionizationSILACstable isotope labeling with amino acids in cell cultureRTretention time. (4Xie F. Liu T. Qian W.-J. Petyuk V.A. Smith R.D. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based quantitative proteomics.J. Biol. Chem. 2011; 286: 25443-25449Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (143) Google Scholar). There are several reasons for such a performance gap. Unlike in SILAC, where proteins in all samples under comparison are extracted and digested simultaneously (5Blagoev B. Kratchmarova I. Ong S.E. Nielsen M. Foster L.J. Mann M. A proteomics strategy to elucidate functional protein-protein interactions applied to EGF signaling.Nat. Biotechnol. 2003; 21: 315-318Crossref PubMed Scopus (607) Google Scholar, 6Ibarrola N. Kalume D.E. Gronborg M. Iwahori A. Pandey A.A. Proteomic approach for quantitation of phosphorylation using stable isotope labeling in cell culture.Anal. Chem. 2003; 75: 6043-6049Crossref PubMed Scopus (146) Google Scholar), in the label-free method, each sample is prepared independently, and therefore variations in sample preparation conditions can cause abundance fluctuations. However, these variations are a subjective factor that can be reduced by training the personnel and/or by employing sample preparation robots. The main objective contributor to the imprecision of a label-free LC-MS/MS experiment is the fluctuation of the instrumental response during the LC-MS/MS run or series of runs. A major component of the instrumental response fluctuation is the variation in the current of electrospray ionization (ESI) during the LC-MS/MS run. ESI is a resonance process, with resonance frequencies stretching from sub-hertz levels to 100 kHz (7Juraschek R. Röllgen F.W. Pulsation phenomena during electrospray ionization.Int. J. Mass Spectrom. 1998; 177: 1-15Crossref Scopus (146) Google Scholar, 8Marginean I. Parvin L. Heffernan L. Vertes A. Flexing the electrified meniscus: the birth of a jet in electrosprays.Anal. Chem. 2004; 76: 4202-4207Crossref PubMed Scopus (95) Google Scholar). Empirical observations also reveal that ESI current fluctuations occur on the minute time scale (see below). Because the conditions during an LC-MS/MS run vary (e.g. significant variations in the eluent and analyte composition and in the analyte concentration occur), the values and amplitudes of the resonance ESI frequencies change in a wide interval (8Marginean I. Parvin L. Heffernan L. Vertes A. Flexing the electrified meniscus: the birth of a jet in electrosprays.Anal. Chem. 2004; 76: 4202-4207Crossref PubMed Scopus (95) Google Scholar) and are additionally affected by such varying parameters as the temperature and humidity of the ambient air, the presence in that air of certain chemicals, the shape and surface properties of the ESI sprayer on a microscopic level, etc. (9Parvin L. Galicia M.C. Gauntt J.M. Carney L.M. Nguyen A.B. Park E. Heffernan L. Vertes A. Electrospray diagnostics by Fourier analysis of current oscillations and fast imaging.Anal. Chem. 2005; 77: 3908-3915Crossref PubMed Scopus (38) Google Scholar). The total electrospray current is divided between the background ions and the analyte ions, with a branching ratio depending upon the eluent composition, relative concentrations and basicity of the analytes, and parameters of the electrospray process, such as the average droplet size, the rate of droplet formation, etc. (10Constantopoulos T.L. Jackson G.S. Enke C.G. Effects of salt concentration on analyte response using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.J. Am. Soc. Mass Spectrom. 1999; 10: 625-634Crossref PubMed Scopus (218) Google Scholar). Because the peptide concentration at the peak of chromatographic elution is high, charge competition might arise between the peptides and the background molecules, as well as among the peptides themselves. Given such complexity of the ESI process, it is no surprise that the ESI current of peptides during an LC-MS/MS run remains one of the most poorly controlled parameters in the proteomics experiment. This is especially true when, for the best sensitivity, nanoflow liquid chromatography is employed, in which the ESI process is often not assisted pneumatically. coefficient of variation electrospray ionization stable isotope labeling with amino acids in cell culture retention time. coefficient of variation electrospray ionization stable isotope labeling with amino acids in cell culture retention time. The ESI current fluctuations might appear easy to take into account, as most mass spectrometers record the actual ESI current at the moment when the mass spectrum is acquired. However, in practice, normalization of the peptide abundance by ESI current often leads to only a marginal improvement. This is likely because background ions are the chief contributors to the measured ESI current, and the composition and abundance of such ions vary during the course of the LC-MS/MS run (10Constantopoulos T.L. Jackson G.S. Enke C.G. Effects of salt concentration on analyte response using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.J. Am. Soc. Mass Spectrom. 1999; 10: 625-634Crossref PubMed Scopus (218) Google Scholar). Another possible reason is that the fluctuations of the instrumental response include other factors besides the ESI current, such as the instrumental sensitivity. The latter depends upon, among other parameters, the transmission of the ion optics from the air–vacuum interface to the mass detector. This transmission can change during the LC-MS/MS experiment because of ion optics contamination and charging up of conducing surfaces. To address these issues, one can add a set of internal standards to either the peptide mixture or the liquid chromatography eluent (4Xie F. Liu T. Qian W.-J. Petyuk V.A. Smith R.D. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based quantitative proteomics.J. Biol. Chem. 2011; 286: 25443-25449Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (143) Google Scholar), but such an approach represents another layer of complexity, involves additional problems, and increases the cost of analysis. Here we describe a new method of effective normalization of the electrospray current for peptides or other analyte molecules in a conventional label-free LC-MS/MS experiment in which MS and MS/MS scans are alternated, with the peptide sequences identified via MS/MS and MS scans used for quantification via chromatographic peak integration. The method represents pure post-processing, with little increase in complexity relative to a standard data analysis. This method is based on the empirical fact that in a typical comparative proteomics experiment, a large number of peptides (often a majority) change their abundances insignificantly (≪10%). This is especially true for an important class of proteomics tasks in which the measured differences between the proteomes are small (e.g. in the early response of a cell, organ, or organism to drug or disease; in differentiating closely related phenotypes; etc.). Because the fluctuations of ESI current (as well as fluctuations of the instrumental response in general) affect all simultaneously eluting peptides to the same degree, these "unchanged" peptides can be used as references for abundance alignment of other peptides eluting within the same narrow time window (≈1 min). The task is therefore to identify these unchanged peptides and use them as internal standards for instrumental response correction (Fig. 1). This is solved here by means of statistical analysis of the multitude of simultaneously eluting peptide species. We demonstrate that such abundance alignment significantly improves the precision of label-free quantification. The alignment not only reduces the effects of ESI current fluctuations, but also automatically accounts for the differences in the loaded sample amounts, as well as for instrumental phenomena such as the loss of ion transmission due to source contamination, reduction of the detector sensitivity with time, etc. The main parameter that is improved upon the correction is the coefficient of variation (CV) of protein abundances. The importance of this parameter can be illustrated by the following example: in order to detect with 95% probability (p < 0.05) a 20% change in the protein abundance measured with a CV of 10% (typical for today's proteomics), one must analyze eight independent replicates for both case and control samples. The same task with a 5% CV requires three replicates, and with a 3% CV, two replicates (the minimum recommended number of replicates). Thus, reducing the CV of protein abundance measurements can greatly reduce the required number of LC-MS/MS runs, and therefore the time and cost of the proteomics analysis. Our method of instrumental response correction is computationally inexpensive and fast (seconds for a pair of LC-MS runs). The ease of the method and its generality might earn it widespread application in proteomics, metabolomics, and other LC-MS/MS-related techniques. 218 blood plasma samples from the Kuopio cohort were obtained in the course of the EU 7th Framework Programme's project PredictAD. This project defines long-term goals of research, order and procedure of scientific collaboration, and possible ethical issues related to the scientific activity. Detailed descriptions of sample collection and preparation, clinical considerations, and procedures are available in articles published in the context of this project (11Julkunen V. Niskanen E. Koikkalainen J. Herukka S.K. Pihlajamäki M. Hallikainen M. Kivipelto M. Muehlboeck S. Evans A.C. Vanninen R. Soininen H. Differences in cortical thickness in healthy controls, subjects with mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer's disease patients: a longitudinal study.J. Alzheimers Dis. 2010; 21: 1141-1151Crossref PubMed Scopus (47) Google Scholar). Only the information limited to sex, age, and state of Alzheimer disease was available for the samples. The provided samples were pooled according to gender and the stage of Alzheimer disease (control, mild cognitive impairment, progressive mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer disease). Each pooled sample was independently digested in triplicate by trypsin in ProteaseMAX™ Surfactant, Trypsin Enhancer (Promega, Madison, WI) according to the protocol provided by the producer. Each individual sample was digested once using the same protocol. Each peptide digest of pooled samples was analyzed twice using nanoflow C18 reverse-phase liquid chromatography (HPLC) (Easy-nLC, Proxeon, Odense, Denmark) with a 60-min gradient coupled with electron transfer dissociation MS/MS on a Velos Orbitrap mass spectrometer (Thermo Fisher Scientific). Survey MS scans were carried out in the Orbitrap Fourier transform mass analyzer with a resolution of 60,000, with the m/z ranging from 300 to 2000. After each MS scan, the top five most abundant precursor ions were selected for MS/MS using high-energy collision dissociation in the Orbitrap (resolution of 7500) and electron transfer dissociation in the Velos ion trap. Each of the individual samples was analyzed once using the same conditions as above, but with a nanoAcquity UPLC (Waters, Milford, MA) and using a shorter, 30-min-long gradient. Individual samples were analyzed in two uninterrupted series of LC-MS/MS runs with a three-week break between the series. For the current study, samples of 19 healthy males and 16 healthy females 71 ± 6 years old were selected representing LC-MS/MS runs from both series. MS/MS spectra were extracted using the home-written program RAW_to_MGF v. 2.0.5, which selected the 200 most intense peaks for each MS/MS spectrum and also cleaned electron transfer dissociation MS/MS spectra from precursors and neutral losses according to Ref. 12Good D.M. Wenger C.D. McAlister G.C. Bai D.L. Hunt D.F. Coon J.J. Post-acquisition ETD spectral processing for increased peptide identifications.J. Am. Soc. Mass Spectrom. 2009; 20: 1435-1440Crossref PubMed Scopus (60) Google Scholar. Then, MS/MS spectra from different runs were clustered together using the home-written program Cluster_to_MGF v 2.0.6 to make a single.mgf file for pooled samples and two.mgf files for individual samples before and after the break, respectively. Cluster_to_MGF gathers groups of spectra that are presumed to be of the same compound. Spectra are included in this group if they share 10 of the 20 most intense peaks with at least one other spectrum in group. One spectrum from each group with the maximum aggregate intensity is taken as representative of this group for aggregation in the.mgf file. The resultant.mgf files were searched using Mascot v. 2.3 (Matrix Science, London, UK) using high-energy collision dissociation and electron transfer dissociation data, with a precursor mass accuracy of 10 ppm, MS/MS accuracy of 0.6 Da, a maximum of two missed cleavages, carbamidomethylation of cysteine as a fixed modification, and asparagine and glutamine deamidation and methionine oxidation as variable modifications (the inclusion of these variable modifications makes sequence assignment more reliable). The database search was performed against the IPI Human V3.86 database concatenated with a decoy reverse-sequence compilation of this database for false discovery rate determination (contains 183,042 sequences, 91,521 of which are reversed). 1455 unique peptides belonging to 157 proteins were identified in the pooled samples with a false discovery rate of <1% (spectra peptide assignment was treated as false positive if its best hit matched in the database a reversed protein sequence). Before and after the break, 785 and 1109 peptides and 130 and 149 proteins were identified, respectively, in individual samples (supplemental Data S2). The Mascot score threshold required in order to keep a 0.01 false discovery level for accepting individual MS/MS spectra was 30.68 for pooled samples and 34.04 and 32.01, respectively, for individual samples before and after the break. Quantification of the proteins was performed using the home-written program Quanti v. 2.5.2.1. This program performs the label-free extracted-ion-chromatogram-based quantification of peptides presented in Mascot search results considering all available isotopes and charge states. Quanti uses for quantification only reliably identified (false discover rate < 0.01), first-choice, unmodified, unique-sequence peptides. No fewer than two such peptides have to be present in order for a protein to be quantified. For each protein, one of the database I.D.s was selected that covered all the identified peptide sequences for that protein. All the I.D.s corresponding to the same peptide set or subset of that peptide set were also cited (supplemental Data S4). If two database protein entries had partial intersection, then all the peptides belonging to that intersection were excluded from the analysis. This method yielded 105 quantified proteins in pooled samples, with 72 and 93 quantified proteins in individual samples before and after the break, respectively, excluding 4 keratin proteins that showed large sample-to-sample variation and were attributed to contamination. Abundance alignment was implemented as part of the Quanti program. A single alignment step between two LC-MS/MS runs representing case and control consisted of the following steps: 1.Simultaneous label-free quantification analysis of all LC-MS/MS runs, including the alignment of peptides' retention times (RTs), and a determination for each peptide in each LC-MS/MS run of the RT and abundance A (integral of the extracted chromatographic peak of the peptide ion, including all isotopes and charge states). Fig. 2A shows the total ion chromatograms of two consecutive LC-MS/MS runs of the same digest. The total ion chromatogram variation between the runs is chiefly due to the fluctuation of the instrumental response function.2.Despite the apparently reasonable overlap between the total ion chromatogram traces in Fig. 2A, detailed analysis showed that the peptide abundances in the two LC-MS/MS runs varied quite significantly. The smoothed ratios r of the same-peptide abundances are shown in Fig. 2B. The nonrandom component of r apparently drifts on the minute time scale and, in this particular example, reached a magnitude of 50% or more. Despite such strong fluctuations of the instrumental response, the correlation plot for peptide abundances between these two runs still gave a decent R2 ≈ 0.97 (supplemental data). This value could be considered acceptable in today's proteomics, and thus the large systematic, time-dependent drift of relative peptide abundances could easily be overlooked in routine proteomics experiments.3.To eliminate or drastically reduce the above-mentioned fluctuation, a sliding window ΔRT was arranged centered on a peptide of interest (all peptides were chosen in consecutive RT order). The width of ΔRT can be adjusted from seconds to minutes, but in general it should be larger than the typical width of a chromatographic peak. Shorter windows closely follow rapid fluctuations in the ESI current, but can result in misidentification of the unchanged peptides.Within each ΔRT window, the r values of all peptides eluting within that window were sorted in ascending order, and the median value of r was selected (Fig. 2C). In the selection of the median, peptide abundances can be taken into account to discriminate against the low-abundant peptides, whose abundances are measured less precisely. Empirically, we determined that the square root of the peptide abundance provides an optimal weighting factor for the median calculations.Peptides that are best avoided for median calculations are those that may originate from in vitro post-translational modifications of tryptic peptides, such as deamidated analogues of peptides with Asn and Gln residues and oxidized Met residues. The abundance of these modified species can vary significantly even in technical replicates depending upon minute details of sample handling, storage, and the order of sample injection.4.Median case/control values for all ΔRT windows were smoothed using the same window width for smoothing as was used to get median peptide ratio values. The spectrum of the smoothed corrected values plotted against the RT (similar to Fig. 2B) can be used for quality control. Smoothed median values were then used as RT-dependent correction factors (Fig. 1B; each peptide abundance in run 2 was divided by the corresponding correction factor). After correction, R2 for the two runs in Fig. 2A improved to 0.997.5.Protein regulation factors were calculated as medians of the corrected ratios of the unique peptides composing the protein. If there are more than two samples in an experiment, matrix A is created for each protein, such that each element aij is the ratio of the abundances vk in a pairwise comparison of the ith and jth samples: aij = vi/vj. The matrix A is reciprocal (aij = 1/aji), but it is inconsistent (aik ≠ aij*ajk) because of the independent calculation of aij, ajk, and aik. The theory of using reciprocal inconsistent matrices for approximating true abundance ratios was developed in the late 1970s by Saaty and colleagues (13Saaty T.L. A scaling method for priorities in hierarchical structures.J. Math. Psychol. 1977; 15: 234-281Crossref Scopus (6082) Google Scholar). The best estimate of the true relative protein abundance of the jth protein is the geometric mean of a1j to anj. (14De Jong P.A. Statistical approach to Saaty's scaling method for priorities.J. Math. Psychol. 1984; 28: 467-478Crossref Scopus (104) Google Scholar). There is a simple explanation for why the geometric mean is better suited in this case than an arithmetic average: the aij ratios are asymmetric entities, with the up-regulation range being a = (1, ∞) and a down-regulation range of (0, 1). Therefore, the arithmetic mean gives a biased estimate. At the same time, log(a) is symmetric within the ranges (−∞, 0) and (0, ∞), and thus the arithmetic average of the logarithms of ratios (which is equivalent to a geometric average of ratios) is unbiased. In principle, the correction method improves only the measurement precision. It is known in statistics that any manipulation of data, including any kind of normalization, can only reduce the accuracy (deviation of the result from the true value) and can never improve it. However, normalization that reduces the accuracy less than it improves the precision can have a huge beneficial effect on the statistical power (e.g. reduce the number of replicate analyses necessary to detect statistically significant changes in protein abundances, as discussed above). Thus a normalization method that slightly reduces the accuracy (e.g. produces an 18% difference instead of the true value of 20%) but significantly improves the precision and thus greatly reduces the number of experiments can be very valuable in practical terms. Fig. 3 demonstrates the significant improvement in the CV after the ESI current alignment procedure. Starting from proteins with five quantified peptides, the average CV is below 5%, whereas for proteins with ≥10 peptides, the CV is below 3%. The lowest CV of ≈1% was obtained for proteins with ∼100 peptides. This value represents the intrinsic precision of the alignment method: as is true of every post-processing correction, it can lead to marked improvement only when the instrumental response fluctuations are significant. Therefore, it is advisable to analyze the data with and without the correction, choosing the approach that produces lower CVs for a particular dataset. These CV improvements represent an intermediate result; the real aim of the correction is to reduce the p value characterizing the difference between biologically distinct samples. Below, we provide an example of measuring such a difference as the ultimate test for the utility of the correction method. Abundant proteins in human blood are found in varying concentrations, and their relative abundances change in response to changing conditions (15Anderson N.L. Anderson N.G. The human plasma proteome: history, character, and diagnostic prospects.Mol. Cell. Proteomics. 2002; 1: 845-867Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (3557) Google Scholar). It has been known since the 1960s that alpha2-macoglobulin, the third most abundant protein in blood plasma, is present in adult female samples at an approximately 15% higher concentration than in adult male samples (16Ganrot P.O. Schersten B. Serum a2-macroglobulin concentration and its variation with age and sex.Clin. Chim. Acta. 1967; 15: 113-120Crossref Scopus (111) Google Scholar). We decided to look for sex differences among 70 to 100 of the most abundant proteins, because there are only a few reports in the literature of studies on sex differentiation via proteomics blood analysis (17De Torres J.P. Casanova C. Pinto-Plata V. Varo N. Restituto P. Cordoba-Lanus E. Baz-Dávila R. Aguirre-Jaime A. Celli B.R. Gender differences in plasma biomarker levels in a cohort of COPD patients: a pilot study.PLoS One. 2011; 6: e16021Crossref PubMed Scopus (44) Google Scholar, 18Miike K. Aoki M. Yamashita R. Takegawa Y. Saya H. Miike T. Yamamura K. Proteome profiling reveals gender differences in the composition of human serum.Proteomics. 2010; 10: 2678-2691Crossref PubMed Scopus (41) Google Scholar), none of which used label-free quantification. The working hypothesis was that, because protein biomarkers often show sex differences in expression levels (17De Torres J.P. Casanova C. Pinto-Plata V. Varo N. Restituto P. Cordoba-Lanus E. Baz-Dávila R. Aguirre-Jaime A. Celli B.R. Gender differences in plasma biomarker levels in a cohort of COPD patients: a pilot study.PLoS One. 2011; 6: e16021Crossref PubMed Scopus (44) Google Scholar), many abundant proteins will show sex-specific differences, and using these it will be possible to build a model for sex differentiation. The accuracy of such a model built using proteomics data before and after the instrumental response correction will serve as a test of the utility of our method. To create a predictive model for sex differentiation, all 105 proteins quantified within the 48 pooled samples (2 sex * 4 disease state * 3 digestions * 2 replicates) were correlated with the sex of the subjects, and the N most correlating and N most anti-correlating proteins were selected. For each sample, the relative abundances of positively and negatively correlating proteins were separately summed, and then the sum for anti-correlating proteins was subtracted from the positively correlating sum. A positive resulting value predicted female sex; negative values indicated male. The 24 obtained predictions for female samples and 24 male samples were then submitted to a two-tailed Student t test, yielding the p values presented in Fig. 4. It is clear that for a broad range of values (3 ≤ N ≤ 20), and especially for n = 8 to 15, the instrument response correction produced significantly lower p values (i.e. better sex separation). Whereas in standard-based multiple reaction monitoring the use of fewer analytes is clearly advantageous in terms of the analysis cost, there is no penalty for using as many proteins as desired to create a predictive model in the label-free analysis scheme. Therefore, we chose for our model n = 10 (i.e. 20 in total) proteins out of the quantified 105 proteins that could be found in both pooled and individual datasets (Table I). The instrumental response correction reduced the sample-to-sample variation of the same-sex model predictions (Table I, supplemental Fig. S1) and increased the "sex gap" between female and male predictions, ensuring 100% accuracy of that model (not surprising, given that it was built on pooled samples).Table IThe relative abundance ratios (male/female) and their standard errors for blood plasma proteins characteristic for females (upper part) and males (lower part) and used in the sex-differentiating modelProtein I.D.Protein nameNumber of peptidesNot corrected, pooledCorrected, pooledNot corrected, individualCorrected, individualIPI01010737A2M 165 kDa protein580.755 ± 0.0150.824 ± 0.0170.87 ± 0.110.88 ± 0.09IPI00896380IGHM isoform 2 of Ig mu chain C region140.728 ± 0.0390.792 ± 0.0330.79 ± 0.140.76 ± 0.13IPI00021842APOE apolipoprotein E110.822 ± 0.0170.915 ± 0.0140.95 ± 0.170.93 ± 0.11IPI00020986LUM lumican20.843 ± 0.0210.884 ± 0.0200.86 ± 0.110.85 ± 0.09IPI00019943AFM afamin80.854 ± 0.0190.915 ± 0.0151.11 ± 0.091.08 ± 0.07IPI00657670APOC3 apolipoprotein C-III variant 140.808 ± 0.0240.880 ± 0.0250.85 ± 0.220.87 ± 0.16IPI00021856APOC2 apolipoprotein C-II40.846 ± 0.0290.893 ± 0.0240.92 ± 0.170.93 ± 0.14IPI00017601CP ceruloplasmin180.897 ± 0.0210.945 ± 0.0161.08 ± 0.111.07 ± 0.06IPI00879573SERPIND1 heparin cofactor 270.872 ± 0.0240.934 ± 0.0201.18 ± 0.101.10 ± 0.07IPI00021855APOC1 apolipoprotein C-I50.868 ± 0.0290.936 ± 0.0210.92 ± 0.090.93 ± 0.08Average protein regulation0.829 ± 0.0240.892 ± 0.0200.95 ± 0.130.94 ± 0.10IPI00022429ORM1 alpha-1-acid glycoprotein 141.053 ± 0.0291.127 ± 0.0271.32 ± 0.191.29 ± 0.18IPI00930442IGHG4 putative uncharacterized protein DKFZp686M2421821.384 ± 0.0761.429 ± 0.0691.76 ± 0.201.62 ± 0.19IPI00844536RBP4 uncharacterized protein51.019 ± 0.0251.119 ± 0.0241.08 ± 0.111.11 ± 0.09IPI00953689AHSG alpha-2-HS-glycoprotein61.022 ± 0.0271.072 ± 0.0141.11 ± 0.061.15 ± 0.06IPI00298828APOH beta-2-glycoprotein 190.951 ± 0.0121.052 ± 0.0101.08 ± 0.101.11 ± 0.06IPI00553177SERPINA1 isoform 1 of alpha-1-antitrypsin310.993 ± 0.0151.075 ± 0.0131.08 ± 0.101.07 ± 0.07IPI00847635SERPINA3 isoform 1 of Alpha-1-antichymotrypsin121.024 ± 0.0161.087 ± 0.0141.08 ± 0.161.05 ± 0.10IPI00298971VTN vitronectin51.026 ± 0.0141.086 ± 0.0131.21 ± 0.091.23 ± 0.05IPI00745872ALB isoform 1 of serum albumin791.011 ± 0.0091.104 ± 0.0081.03 ± 0.021.05 ± 0.03IPI00607707HPR isoform 2 of haptoglobin-related protein21.420 ± 0.0411.427 ± 0.0281.55 ± 0.171.43 ± 0.15Average protein regulation1.090 ± 0.0261.158 ± 0.0221.23 ± 0.121.21 ± 0.10 Open table in a new tab The same 20 best correlating and anti-correlating proteins from the pooled sample analysis were used for sex differentiation based on a single LC-MS/MS analysis of 16 individual female and 19 male blood samples. These blood samples were digested and run only once, using a different HPLC with a much shorter gradient (30 min versus 60 min), thus mimicking an independently made routine analysis performed in a high-throughput manner. This, as well as the three-week break between some of the runs (see above), makes this dataset a challenging but particularly realistic test object. Instrumental response correction reduced the standard error of the protein abundance measurement even for individual samples (Table I). Without the correction (Fig. 5A), the model achieved 80% accuracy in sex identification, misclassifying 7 out of 35 samples. After the correction, only four samples were classified incorrectly, giving the classification an accuracy of approximately 90%. The p value of the difference between the sex groups improved from 5.0 × 10−2 to 7.8 × 10−7. Note also that out of the three "bad" outliers in Fig. 5A, two are much closer to their true class in Fig. 5B. It is realistic to suggest that, using more technical replicates and perhaps two to three digestions per sample, one can achieve nearly 100% accuracy in sex differentiation through a rather "shallow" proteomics analysis. This new method of instrumental response correction significantly improves the precision of label-free proteomic quantification and increases the accuracy of predictive models based on the measurements. We have demonstrated that the accuracy of the sex differentiation model based on "one-shot" proteomics data is significantly improved upon application of the instrumental response correction. The correction method is general and, in principle, can be used for many proteomics and metabolomics datasets acquired in a label-free experiment. The off-line, post-processing character of our correction sets it apart from the on-line, real-time monitoring methods that reject experiments performed in deviating conditions (19Scheltema R.A. Mann M. SprayQc: a real-time LC-MS/MS quality monitoring system to maximize uptime using off the shelf components.J. Proteome Res. 2012; 6: 3458-3466Crossref Scopus (44) Google Scholar). The method is built into versions 2.4 and higher of the in-house software Quanti operating with Thermo.raw files and available from the authors upon request. We have been using the above-described method in our laboratory for almost two years and have tested it thoroughly on hundreds of proteomics datasets.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(21/38)
TITLE: Individual‐Based Networks Reveal the Importance of Bee Fly (Bombyliidae) Pollination in a Diverse Co‐Flowering Community
ABSTRACT: ABSTRACT Flowering plants can be visited by a wide diversity of pollinating insects; however, the structure of plant–insect interactions for non‐bee pollinators is not well‐known, even though non‐bee insects can play a central role in the pollination of many plant species. Pollination by non‐syrphid flies, such as bee flies ( Bombylius major L., Bombyliidae, Diptera), has often been underappreciated. Bee flies represent a diverse group of long‐tongue nectar‐feeding insects that are often reported as generalists who visit flowers indiscriminately. Here, we used individual‐based pollen transport networks to assess patterns of individual foraging in bee flies over two flowering seasons in a diverse co‐flowering community. Using this approach, we uncover the structure (e.g., modular vs. nested) of bee fly individual foraging and the degree of individual specialisation. We further evaluate the role of resource availability (floral abundance) and intraspecific trait variation (proboscis length and body size) in shaping individual specialisation. Overall, bee flies visited 20 different plant species. However, network analysis shows that individuals are more specialised and tend to partition the floral resource as reflected by the high degree of network modularity. Most bee fly individuals concentrate their foraging on only a few floral resources (two to four plant species) suggesting strong niche partitioning in this group of pollinators. This modular foraging pattern was not explained by differences in resource availability over the season. Proboscis length, however, was negatively related to the level of individual specialisation. Individuals with larger proboscis had larger foraging niches (less specialisation) perhaps due to easier access to a wide range of plant species with different floral tube sizes. Overall, our study reveals high individual specialisation and niche partitioning in bee‐fly interactions, mediated by differences in proboscis length, and with important implications for pollen transfer dynamics, plant–plant competition and plant reproductive success in diverse co‐flowering communities.

On Topic (Y/N):  Y

(22/38)
TITLE: Some problems and approaches in avian mate choice
ABSTRACT: -Most studies of mate choice in birds consider questions such as the existence of mate choice, which traits are preferred, and how the preferences evolved. In order to answer these questions, it is necessary to distinguish between pairs of key processes such as dominance and choice, assortative mating and type preference, or male choice and female choice. We review these and other difficulties in the study of avian mate choice. As an illustration of methodological issues, we discuss our work on Pinyon Jays (Gymnorhinus cyanocephalus). Males that were successful in mate-choice experiments were more brightly colored and had large testes, but were not necessarily larger or dominant. Preferred females were large, dominant, and had thicker bills. In free-living populations, smaller than average males and larger than average females lived longer. Pairs composed of small males and large females had sons with higher fecundities and greater survivorship. We suggest that many ornithologists could combine their long-term field observations with controlled experiments to profitably study mate choice. Received 27 January 1989, accepted 6 November 1989. THE AREA of sexual selection is currently one of the most controversial and rapidly developing in biology (Andersson and Bradbury 1987). There is a large body of theory on sexual selection; and an increasing number of empirical studies, particularly of mate choice, focus on birds (e.g. Komers and Dhindsa 1989, Zuk et al. in press a, b). Empirical studies often fail because they do not address important theoretical questions, their methodology does not allow discrimination of key processes, or both. Our discussion of the first problem is brief, as this topic is reviewed in detail elsewhere (Arnold 1985, Bradbury and Andersson 1987). We focus here on commonly encountered methodological difficulties in the empirical study of avian mate choice. We suggest approaches to these problems and provide an example from work with captive and free-living Pinyon Jays (Gymnorhinus cyanocephalus) that illustrates some of these methodological issues. DIFFICULTIES IN THE STUDY OF MATE CHOICE A central theoretical question is how female choice can affect the evolution of secondary sex characteristics. Closely associated is the question of how the mating preferences themselves 3Current address: Department of Ecology, Ethology, and Evolution, University of Illinois, 606 East Healey, Champaign, Illinois 61820 USA. 4Current address: Star Route Box 2905, Dryden, Maine 04225 USA. evolved. The considerable theory in this area offers numerous questions for empiricists to address (Heisler et al. 1987). Empirical studies of female choice usually begin with the question of whether female mating preferences for particular male traits exist. Identifying traits.-The first difficulty in investigating mate choice is to decide which traits might be important. If there are field data for the species of interest, one can identify traits used in courtship displays, search for correlations between specific traits and mating or reproductive success, or look for assortative mating with respect to specific traits. These traits suggest a starting point for experimental study. If there are no relevant field data, theory and common sense can suggest traits for experimentation. Ideally, one should then go to the field to determine the fitness consequences for individuals with the preferred traits. Is mating nonrandom?-Once appropriate traits have been identified, it is necessary to document nonrandom mating for the traits of interest. Standard statistical procedures can be applied to the results of laboratory experiments. In the field, however, it can be unclear whether an observed pattern is the result of preferences for a particular trait (type preference; Burley 1983) or prevalence of that trait in the pool of prospective mates at the time mating occurs (Cooke and Davies 1983). For example, in several bird species, the ages of partners are correlated (Reid 1988). Reid (1988) has shown that, with stable pair bonds, such correlations can 296 The Auk 107: 296-304. April 1990 This content downloaded from 157.55.39.132 on Thu, 15 Sep 2016 05:06:37 UTC All use subject to http://about.jstor.org/terms April 1990] Avian Mate Choice 297 occur in the absence of mate choice, through random mating alone. To investigate apparent nonrandom mating patterns, it is not appropriate to apply standard statistical procedures (such as Chi-square approximations or correlation analyses) to the traits of a free-living population of existing pairs, because these tests require that different pair bonds form independently. Mate pools are finite, and once two individuals in a finite mate pool pair, the remaining individuals have reduced choices that depend on previous choices. In monogamous species, this continues until the last two individuals have no choice but to pair with one another. Such clearly dependent events cannot be analyzed with parametric or nonparametric tests of association. Randomization procedures can avoid this problem by comparing all possible (random) pairings at a given time with the pairings actually observed (Marzluff and Balda 1988b, Johnston and Johnson 1989). For this approach, it is necessary to know which individuals were available in the mate pool at the beginning of the pairing period and calculate the N! possible patterns that can be formed between N males and N females. Nonrandomness of the observed pairing pattern is calculated by determining how rare that pattern is relative to all possible patterns. Factors confounding choice. -To decide whether nonrandom mating patterns are the result of mate choice, it is necessary to rule out the process of intrasexual competition as a complicating factor. Consider female choice of males in a typical nonterritorial species in which males usually show behavioral dominance to females. If nonrandom mating occurs, it can be unclear whether the mating pattern is a result of female preference for certain male types or whether intra-male competition allows dominant males to monopolize access to females. Even when females appear to choose males, male-male competition can mediate female choice. For example, female American Wigeons (Anas americana) mate more often with larger, heavier adult males in full alternate plumage, but these males also tend to be dominant (Wishart 1983; see also West et al. 1981, for Brown-headed Cowbirds,

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(23/38)
TITLE: A new hypothesis for the functional role of diversity in mediating resource pools and weed–crop competition in agroecosystems
ABSTRACT: Smith RG, Mortensen DA & Ryan MR (2009). A new hypothesis for the functional role of diversity in mediating resource pools and weed–crop competition in agroecosystems. Weed Research.50, 37–48. 
 
Summary 
We develop a new conceptual model we call the Resource Pool Diversity Hypothesis (RPDH) aimed at explaining how soil resource pool diversity may mediate competition for soil resources between weeds and crops. The primary tenets of the RPDH are that (i) in plant communities, the intensity of inter-specific competition can depend upon the degree to which niche differentiation and resource partitioning occur among species, (ii) agricultural systems are unique in that management practices, such as crop rotation, source of fertility and weed management, result in inputs to the soil and (iii) these inputs directly or indirectly become soil resource pools from which crops and weeds may partition resources. The RPDH leads to the novel prediction that along a gradient of increasing cropping system diversity, yield loss due to weed–crop competition (i.e. the impact on yield per unit weed density) for soil resources should decrease. Similarly, the degree to which crops and weeds overlap in soil resource niche breadth (which is determined by species-specific functional traits for resource acquisition), will determine the extent to which weed–crop competition weakens as resource pool diversity increases. While there have been no direct tests of the RPDH, we highlight evidence from the agricultural literature that provides strong support for components of the hypothesis. Validation of the RPDH would have important implications across a broad range of cropping systems for the development of management strategies that aim to reduce yield loss impact per unit weed plant density and the fundamental principles of integrated weed management, such as the concepts of weed thresholds and critical periods.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(24/38)
TITLE: Deletion of the Mitochondrial Carrier Genes MRS3 andMRS4 Suppresses Mitochondrial Iron Accumulation in a Yeast Frataxin-deficient Strain
ABSTRACT: The mitochondrial solute carriers Mrs3p and Mrs4p were originally isolated as multicopy suppressors of intron splicing defects. We show here that MRS4 is co-regulated with the iron regulon genes, and up-regulated in a strain deficient for Yfh1p, the yeast homologue of human frataxin. Using in vivo 55Fe cell radiolabeling we show that in glucose-grown cells mitochondrial iron accumulation is 5–15 times higher in ΔYFH1 than in wild-type strain. However, although in a ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain, the intracellular 55Fe content is extremely high, the mitochondrial iron concentration is decreased to almost wild-type levels. Moreover, ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells grown in high iron media do not lose their mitochondrial genome. Conversely, a ΔYFH1 strain overexpressing MRS4 has an increased mitochondrial iron content and no mitochondrial genome. Therefore, MRS4 is required for mitochondrial iron accumulation in ΔYFH1 cells. Expression of the iron regulon and intracellular 55Fe content are higher in a ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain than in the wild type. Nevertheless, the mitochondrial 55Fe content, a balance between iron uptake and exit, is decreased by a factor of two. Moreover, 55Fe incorporation into heme by ferrochelatase is increased in an MRS4-overexpressing strain. The function ofMRS4 in iron import into mitochondria is discussed. The mitochondrial solute carriers Mrs3p and Mrs4p were originally isolated as multicopy suppressors of intron splicing defects. We show here that MRS4 is co-regulated with the iron regulon genes, and up-regulated in a strain deficient for Yfh1p, the yeast homologue of human frataxin. Using in vivo 55Fe cell radiolabeling we show that in glucose-grown cells mitochondrial iron accumulation is 5–15 times higher in ΔYFH1 than in wild-type strain. However, although in a ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain, the intracellular 55Fe content is extremely high, the mitochondrial iron concentration is decreased to almost wild-type levels. Moreover, ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells grown in high iron media do not lose their mitochondrial genome. Conversely, a ΔYFH1 strain overexpressing MRS4 has an increased mitochondrial iron content and no mitochondrial genome. Therefore, MRS4 is required for mitochondrial iron accumulation in ΔYFH1 cells. Expression of the iron regulon and intracellular 55Fe content are higher in a ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain than in the wild type. Nevertheless, the mitochondrial 55Fe content, a balance between iron uptake and exit, is decreased by a factor of two. Moreover, 55Fe incorporation into heme by ferrochelatase is increased in an MRS4-overexpressing strain. The function ofMRS4 in iron import into mitochondria is discussed. 4′,6′-diamino-2-phenylindole Mitochondria utilize most of the cellular iron. First, the mitochondrial ferrochelatase catalyzes the insertion of ferrous iron into protoporphyrin IX, the heme precursor of cytochromes. Second, the mitochondrial matrix and respiratory chain contain several iron-sulfur proteins. Moreover, it has recently been discovered that iron-sulfur clusters are synthesized inside mitochondria by a specific machinery involving more than 10 proteins that have orthologues in bacteria (1Muhlenhoff U. Lill R. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 2000; 1459: 370-382Crossref PubMed Scopus (181) Google Scholar,2Craig E.A. Voisine C. Schilke B. Biol. Chem. 1999; 380: 1167-1173Crossref PubMed Scopus (42) Google Scholar). These iron-sulfur clusters are used for both mitochondrial and cytosolic proteins, and their export into the cytosol is probably mediated by the ABC transporter Atm1p (3Kispal G. Csere P. Prohl C. Lill R. EMBO J. 1999; 18: 3981-3989Crossref PubMed Scopus (585) Google Scholar). Based on their capacity to restore the low iron growth defect of an erg25 mutant (4Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28485-28493Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar), two homologous transporters belonging to the cation efflux transporter family (5Paulsen I.T. Sliwinski M.K. Nelissen B. Goffeau A. Saier M.H., Jr. FEBS Lett. 1998; 430: 116-125Crossref PubMed Scopus (196) Google Scholar), Mmt1p and Mmt2p, have been reported to play a role in mitochondrial iron transport (4Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28485-28493Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar). However, the double deletion strain does not exhibit any respiratory defect, suggesting that the role played by MMT1 and MMT2 in mitochondrial iron metabolism is modest (4Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28485-28493Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar, 6Lange H. Kispal G. Lill R. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 18989-18996Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (133) Google Scholar). Using DNA microarrays, we have shown that mitochondria play a key role in cellular iron homeostasis (7Foury F. Talibi D. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7762-7768Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (161) Google Scholar). This conclusion was reached by using a strain that has been deleted for YFH1, the yeast frataxin gene (8Babcock M. de Silva D. Oaks R. Davis-Kaplan S. Jiralerspong S. Montermini L. Pandolfo M. Kaplan J. Science. 1997; 276: 1709-1712Crossref PubMed Scopus (817) Google Scholar, 9Foury F. Cazzalini O. FEBS Lett. 1997; 411: 373-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (342) Google Scholar). Frataxin is a small hydrophilic protein of unknown function conserved in the mitochondria of all eukaryotes. It has been reported that a multimeric form of frataxin is involved in iron sequestration (10Adamec J. Rusnak F. Owen W.G. Naylor S. Benson L.M. Gacy A.M. Isaya G. Am. J. Hum. Genet. 2000; 67: 549-562Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (229) Google Scholar). In glucose-grown cells YFH1 deletion elicits mitochondrial iron overload (8Babcock M. de Silva D. Oaks R. Davis-Kaplan S. Jiralerspong S. Montermini L. Pandolfo M. Kaplan J. Science. 1997; 276: 1709-1712Crossref PubMed Scopus (817) Google Scholar, 9Foury F. Cazzalini O. FEBS Lett. 1997; 411: 373-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (342) Google Scholar) and prevents iron export from mitochondria (11Radisky D.C. Babcock M.C. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 4497-4499Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (248) Google Scholar). This phenotype is associated with increased expression of the genes involved in iron mobilization in anAFT1-dependent manner (7Foury F. Talibi D. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7762-7768Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (161) Google Scholar). Aft1p is an iron-sensing transcription factor that activates the transcription of a set of genes, the "iron regulon," under cellular iron starvation conditions (12Yamaguchi-Iwai Y. Dancis A. Klausner R.D. EMBO J. 1995; 14: 1231-1239Crossref PubMed Scopus (313) Google Scholar). By analyzing published data of gene expression profiles obtained under 300 different conditions (13Hughes T.R. Marton M.J. Jones A.R. Roberts C.J. Stoughton R. Armour C.D. Bennett HA Coffey E. Dai H., He, Y.D. Kidd M.J. King A.M. Meyer M.R. Slade D. Lum P.Y. Stepaniants S.B. Shoemaker D.D. Gachotte D. Chakraburtty K. Simon J. Bard M. Friend S.H. Cell. 2000; 102: 109-126Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (2090) Google Scholar) we found that theMRS4 and MMT2 genes are co-regulated with severalAFT1-dependent genes. These data suggest thatMRS4 and MMT2 play a role in iron metabolism. The homologous Mrs3p and Mrs4p proteins are located in the mitochondrial inner membrane and belong to the mitochondrial solute carrier family (14Wiesenberger G. Link T.A. von Ahsen U. Waldherr M. Schweyen R.J. J. Mol. Biol. 1991; 217: 23-37Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar). Saccharomyces cerevisiae contains 35 of these carriers (15el Moualij B. Duyckaerts C. Lamotte-Brasseur J. Sluse F.E. Yeast. 1997; 13: 573-581Crossref PubMed Scopus (93) Google Scholar, 16Belenkiy R. Haefele A. Eisen M.B. Wohlrab H. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 2000; 1467: 207-218Crossref PubMed Scopus (43) Google Scholar), the most studied of which is the mitochondrial ATP/ADP translocator. Mitochondrial carriers are characterized by three homologous domains, each containing two transmembrane spans.MRS3 and MRS4 were initially isolated as high copy number suppressors of mitochondrial mRNA splicing defects, particularly in mrs2 mutants (17Waldherr M. Ragnini A. Jank B. Teply R. Wiesenberger G. Schweyen R.J. Curr. Genet. 1993; 24: 301-306Crossref PubMed Scopus (60) Google Scholar). MRS2 encodes a mitochondrial inner membrane protein belonging to the bacterial CORA family of magnesium transporters and is involved in magnesium homeostasis (18Bui D.M. Gregan J. Jarosch E. Ragnini A. Schweyen R.J.J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 20438-20443Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF Scopus (142) Google Scholar). Mrs3p and Mrs4p carriers have been conserved during evolution, and their human homologue can rescue the thermosensitive growth defect observed in a double ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 deletion yeast strain (19Li F.Y. Nikali K. Gregan J. Leibiger I. Leibiger B. Schweyen R. Larsson C. Suomalainen A. FEBS Lett. 2001; 494: 79-84Crossref PubMed Scopus (38) Google Scholar). It has been proposed that these carriers play a role in metal transport. We thus decided to investigate whether MRS3 andMRS4 genes play a role in mitochondrial iron import. S. cerevisiae strains used in this study were the wild-type strain W303–1B (MAT α ura3-52, leu2-3, 112, trp1-1, his3-11,15, ade2-1) and its isogenic derivative W303–1BΔYFH1 (MAT α ura3-52, leu2-3, 112, trp1-1, his3-11,15, ade2-1, yfh1Δ::KanR ) (9Foury F. Cazzalini O. FEBS Lett. 1997; 411: 373-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (342) Google Scholar). W303ΔYFH1–3C (MAT α ura3-52, leu2-3, 112, trp1-1, his3-11,15, ade2-1, yfh1Δ::KanR ) is a meiotic segregant of a W303 heterozygous diploid bearing a deleted copy ofYFH1. The ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 and ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 deletion strains were obtained by transformation of W303–1B with the loxP-kanR-loxP gene disruption cassette procedure (20Guldener U. Heck S. Fielder T. Beinhauer J. Hegemann J.H. Nucleic Acids Res. 1996; 24: 2519-2524Crossref PubMed Scopus (1346) Google Scholar). This cassette contains the Kanamycin resistance marker and can repeatedly be excised by homologous recombination between loxP sites upon yeast transformation with a plasmid containing the Cre recombinase under the control of the GAL1 promoter (20Guldener U. Heck S. Fielder T. Beinhauer J. Hegemann J.H. Nucleic Acids Res. 1996; 24: 2519-2524Crossref PubMed Scopus (1346) Google Scholar). First, yeast strains were transformed by the loxP-kanR-loxP cassette flanked on each side by 40–50 bp homologous to the 5′ and 3′ regions of the gene of interest (21Wach A. Brachat A. Pohlmann R. Philippsen P. Yeast. 1994; 13: 1793-1808Crossref Scopus (2232) Google Scholar). The oligonucleotide sequences were as follows: MRS3, 5′-GTTTGCTGTAAATATATTTATGTTATAAAAAAAGAAGATTATG (up) and 5′-GATGCAAAATGAATGGAAAATAATATGACATGTAAGAACCAACT (down);MRS4, 5′-AGTGAAGAAGTAAAAAACTCAACCGAAATATCAGTTAATATTATG (up) and 5′-TAAGTTGTCAAAAAAAGTTGACCTCGAAAAGGGGAAAAAACATCA (down);MMT1, 5′-TTATATATTATTGCATCACACAAACATCGCTTTCTTTTTCGCATTTTTGACA (up); 5′-TATTTTCGACATTTCCCTCTCTTCTTCACTTGTTATTATTACTGTGGGAAG (down);MMT2, 5′-GATAAGTATTGACTCTATCAAGCAATTCGGTTCCTTTGTGAC (up); 5′-ACAAACTCGACGTCCACCTTCCCACGTTTGGCACCTTCATAC (down). Singly deleted strains were thus obtained. Then, the deletion cassette was excised by the Cre recombinase, and a second deletion cassette obtained by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification of the genomic DNA of another deleted strain was used to transform the singly deleted strain and produce a double deletion strain. Strains W303-1BΔMMT1ΔMMT2, W303-1BΔMRS3ΔMRS4, and W303-1BΔMRS3ΔMRS4ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 were constructed. The mutants ΔYFH1ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 and ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 are meiotic segregants resulting from crosses between W303-1BΔMMT1ΔMMT2 (or W303-1BΔMRS3ΔMRS4) and W303ΔYFH1-3C. In the ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain, theMRS4 deletion was obtained by genomic integration of a linear deletion cassette containing the URA3 marker flanked by PCR-amplified DNA fragments corresponding to the 5′ and 3′ sides of the MRS4 gene. The strains were routinely grown in 2% glucose (or 3% glycerol), 2% yeast extract KAT, or in minimum glucose medium containing 2% glucose, 0.67% yeast nitrogen base Difco supplemented with required amino acids and bases. Synthetic raffinose medium contains 2% raffinose, 0.5% glucose, 0.67% yeast nitrogen base, 0.5% ammonium sulfate, 0.05% yeast extract and is supplemented with amino acids. After an overnight culture in the appropriate medium, cells were inoculated to a final concentration of 20 × 106 cells/ml in 100 ml of the same medium containing 2 μm55Fe (FeCl3) and incubated with shaking for 3 h at 30 °C. Cells were harvested and washed two times with a solution of 100 mm sodium citrate and 10 mm EDTA, pH 6.5. Preparation of spheroplasts and mitochondria was carried out as described previously (9Foury F. Cazzalini O. FEBS Lett. 1997; 411: 373-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (342) Google Scholar). The amount of 55Fe was estimated by scintillation counting of the radioactivity contained in the mitochondrial and post-mitochondrial fractions. The assay measuring55Fe import into isolated mitochondria by following the formation of 55Fe-deuteroheme was carried out as described (6Lange H. Kispal G. Lill R. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 18989-18996Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (133) Google Scholar). At the time of the publication of their article (13Hughes T.R. Marton M.J. Jones A.R. Roberts C.J. Stoughton R. Armour C.D. Bennett HA Coffey E. Dai H., He, Y.D. Kidd M.J. King A.M. Meyer M.R. Slade D. Lum P.Y. Stepaniants S.B. Shoemaker D.D. Gachotte D. Chakraburtty K. Simon J. Bard M. Friend S.H. Cell. 2000; 102: 109-126Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (2090) Google Scholar), Hughes et al. (13Hughes T.R. Marton M.J. Jones A.R. Roberts C.J. Stoughton R. Armour C.D. Bennett HA Coffey E. Dai H., He, Y.D. Kidd M.J. King A.M. Meyer M.R. Slade D. Lum P.Y. Stepaniants S.B. Shoemaker D.D. Gachotte D. Chakraburtty K. Simon J. Bard M. Friend S.H. Cell. 2000; 102: 109-126Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (2090) Google Scholar) constructed a data base publicly available, in which one could search for the 30 genes most closely regulated with a query gene with a certain correlation coefficient (p < 0.01 top < 1). The number of data points used in the correlation and the number of times the subject gene was regulated at a certain p value were also given. A paste of cells grown in the exponential phase of growth was reduced with dithionite in 0.7-mm-thick cuvettes and frozen in liquid nitrogen. Low temperature cytochrome absorption spectra were carried out, and cytochrome concentration was estimated as reported (22Claisse M.L. Pere-Aubert G.A. Clavilier L.P. Slonimski P.P. Eur. J. Biochem. 1970; 16: 430-438Crossref PubMed Scopus (95) Google Scholar). RNA peparation, Northern blotting analysis, and enzyme activities were carried out as described previously (7Foury F. Talibi D. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7762-7768Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (161) Google Scholar). Magnesium and cobalt concentrations were determined by atomic absorption spectrometry on samples treated with 5:2 nitric acid/perchloric acid at 80 °C for 2 h. To discover new genes co-regulated with theAFT1-dependent iron regulon, we performed a search in the data base generated by Hughes et al. (13Hughes T.R. Marton M.J. Jones A.R. Roberts C.J. Stoughton R. Armour C.D. Bennett HA Coffey E. Dai H., He, Y.D. Kidd M.J. King A.M. Meyer M.R. Slade D. Lum P.Y. Stepaniants S.B. Shoemaker D.D. Gachotte D. Chakraburtty K. Simon J. Bard M. Friend S.H. Cell. 2000; 102: 109-126Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (2090) Google Scholar). Using DNA microarrays, the authors have obtained expression profiles for the complete genome of S. cerevisiae under 300 different conditions. A search for the genes most closely regulated with typical iron regulon genes such as FTR1, FET3,FRE2, or YOR383c led to detection ofMRS4 and MMT2 genes. Reciprocally, a search for genes closely regulated with MRS4 identified iron regulon genes. We have previously shown that the iron regulon is up-regulated in a ΔYFH1 strain (7Foury F. Talibi D. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7762-7768Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (161) Google Scholar). Therefore, we analyzed the expression ofMRS4 and MMT2 in wild-type and ΔYFH1 strains grown in glucose medium. By Northern blotting experiments we found that the mRNA levels of MRS4 and MMT2 were ∼2.5 times increased in a ΔYFH1 strain (Fig.1 A). It must be noted thatMMT2 expression was low compared with MRS4. In contrast with known iron regulon genes such as YOR382w (23Protchenko O. Ferea T. Rashford J. Tiedeman J. Brown P.O. Botstein D. Philpott C. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 49244-49250Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (133) Google Scholar),MRS4 was expressed in ΔAFT1 strains (Fig. 1 B), and moreover, at a higher level than in Aft1+ strains. Recently, DNA microarray experiments have shown that MRS4expression is controlled by another iron regulatory pathway involvingAFT2, a paralogue of AFT1 (24Blaiseau P.L. Lesuisse E. Camadro J.M. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 34221-34226Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (161) Google Scholar, 25Rutherford J.C. Jaron S. Ray E. Brown P.O. Winge D.R. Proc. Natl. Sci. U. S. A. 2001; 98: 14322-14327Crossref PubMed Scopus (127) Google Scholar). Double and quadruple deletion strains were constructed for MRS3, MRS4,MMT1, and MMT2 genes in wild-type and ΔYFH1 nuclear backgrounds. All strains were viable. However, cellular growth was decreased both in glucose- and glycerol-rich media (Fig.2 A). The slower growth on glucose medium did not result from formation of petite mutants (rho−). This indicates thatMRS3/MRS4 deletions impair cell metabolism not only inside mitochondria but also outside. ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells grew poorly in low iron media containing bathophenantroline sulfonate, an iron chelator (Fig. 2 A). Moreover, optimal growth of ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 and ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells on minimum medium was only obtained upon addition of iron in the culture medium (Fig. 2, A and B). The high iron concentration (1 mm) used here inhibits the growth of ΔYFH1 cells, and therefore, the ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 deletion suppresses the iron sensitivity trait characterizing the ΔYFH1 strain. In contrast, after transformation of ΔYFH1 cells with anMRS4-bearing multicopy plasmid these cells were extremely sick, and moreover, had lost their mitochondrial genome. Loss of the mitochondrial DNA was shown by DAPI1 staining experiments (Fig. 3) and in crosses with a rhoo tester strain of opposite mating type, which gave no restoration of growth on glycerol medium (data not shown). These data suggest a link between mitochondrial iron metabolism and Mrs3p/Mrs4p transporters. No growth defect was observed in the ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 strain. Surprisingly, overexpression ofMMT2 suppressed iron sensitivity in ΔYFH1 cells (Fig. 2 C). The quadruple ΔMRS3ΔMRS4ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 deletion strain was not lethal, and its phenotype was identical to that of ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strains (data not shown).Figure 3DAPI staining of mitochondrial DNA.Wild-type, ΔYFH1, and ΔYFH1[YEplac195/MRS4] strains grown in glucose-rich medium were suspended in 100 mm Tris-HCl, pH 8.0, and 1 μg/ml DAPI and incubated on ice for 10 min. Under these conditions, mitochondrial DNA is preferentially stained. The mitochondrial DNA spots are visible in wild-type and ΔYFH1 cells; nuclei are barely visible. Only the nuclei can be detected inMRS4-overexpressing ΔYFH1 cells. A Leica (DMR) microscope was used with a 340–380-nm band-pass excitation filter, a 400-nm dichroic reflector, and an emission filter at 425 nm.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) If MRS4 and MMT2 genes play a role in the transport of iron into mitochondria, their deletion should alter mitochondrial iron fluxes. Wild-type and mutant cells were radiolabeled with 55Fe for 3 h, and the radioactivity associated with mitochondria and post-mitochondrial supernatant was measured (Fig.4). The iron that accumulates in the mitochondria of ΔYFH1 cells grown in glucose-rich medium cannot be extruded (11Radisky D.C. Babcock M.C. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 4497-4499Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (248) Google Scholar). Therefore, defects in iron import into mitochondria should more easily be detected in a ΔYFH1 strain than in a frataxin-containing strain in which the regulation of the balance between uptake and efflux of mitochondrial iron is complex. Mitochondria of glucose-grown ΔYFH1 cells contained 40–45% of the cellular 55Fe compared with 5–10% for wild-type mitochondria (Fig. 4 A). In contrast, the fraction of55Fe present in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 mitochondria was low, close to the level found in wild-type mitochondria (Fig.4 A). These differences were still amplified when cells were cultivated in high iron media (50 μm) (Fig.4 B). Under these conditions, the intracellular55Fe content was similar in wild-type and ΔYFH1 strains. However, in the ΔYFH1 strain iron accumulated in mitochondria to the detriment of the non-mitochondrial fraction. In contrast, in the ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain iron preferentially accumulated in a non-mitochondrial fraction (Fig. 4 B). Conversely, in a rhoo ΔYFH1 strain overproducing Mrs4p, the mitochondrial55Fe content was ∼2.5 times higher than in a rhoo ΔYFH1 strain (Fig. 4 F). The mitochondrial 55Fe content of ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells grown either in glucose or glycerol medium was approximately half of that present in the wild-type (Fig. 4, C and E). It must be noted that although intracellular iron concentration was increased in ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells compared with wild-type, extra iron was not sent to mitochondria (Fig. 4, C and E). As a consequence, the ratio of the mitochondrial to intracellular iron content decreased from 0.04 in the wild-type to 0.015 in the ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain grown in glucose-rich medium. We also used isolated energized mitochondria to follow the incorporation of 55Fe into protoporphyrin by mitochondrial ferrochelatase in wild-type and MRS4-overexpressing strains. This assay reflects the fraction of iron imported into mitochondria that can be used by the ferrochelatase. A greater fraction of55Fe was recovered in the heme ofMRS4-overexpressing cells (Fig.5). Altogether, these experiments show that loss of the Mrs3p and Mrs4p carriers is a limiting factor for iron import into mitochondria, specifically in ΔYFH1 cells grown in high iron media (Fig.4 B). However, a substantial amount of iron is still imported into mitochondria in the absence of Mrs3p/Mrs4p transporters. Therefore, if Mrs3p/Mrs4p transport iron efficient alternative iron uptake pathways that have yet to be identified are also present.MMT1 and MMT2 deletions had no major effect on mitochondrial iron incorporation and accumulation (Fig. 4,A, B, and E). However, MMT2overexpression in ΔYFH1 cells dramatically decreased the recovery of55Fe in mitochondria (Fig. 4 D), suggesting that Mmt2p does not import iron into mitochondria. Under standard conditions, mitochondrial DNA is stably maintained in our ΔYFH1 strain (9Foury F. Cazzalini O. FEBS Lett. 1997; 411: 373-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (342) Google Scholar). However, non-physiological high iron concentrations induce accumulation of cells devoid of mitochondrial DNA (9Foury F. Cazzalini O. FEBS Lett. 1997; 411: 373-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (342) Google Scholar). No loss of mitochondrial DNA was observed in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells even in the presence of very high iron concentrations (Fig.6 A), in agreement with the observation that iron does not accumulate in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 mitochondria. In contrast, the introduction of ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 deletions in a ΔYFH1 strain elicited significant increase in mitochondrial DNA loss when cells were cultivated in the presence of high iron concentrations (Fig. 6 A). Using Northern blot analysis we have found that mitochondrial DNA loss in ΔYFH1ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 mitochondria did not result from increased expression of the MRS4 gene (data not shown). Similarly,MMT2 was not overexpressed in ΔMRS3ΔMRS4ΔYFH1 cells. We found that the expression of typicalAFT1-dependent genes such as YOR382w,YLR136c, YHL040c, or COT1 was significantly increased in a ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain, although to a lower extent than in a ΔYFH1 strain (Fig. 7). The expression of the iron regulon genes was also higher in a ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain than in a ΔYFH1 strain (data not shown). These data show that the loss of Mrs3p/Mrs4p is associated with activation of the AFT1-dependent regulon, implying that Aft1p encounters low iron concentrations. However, the fraction of 55Fe recovered in the post-mitochondrial supernatant of ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 (ΔYFH1) strains is high (Fig.4 C), indicating that this iron species is not perceived by Aft1p. Iron might be sequestered in a specific compartment such as the vacuole (26Raguzzi F. Lesuisse E. Crighton R.R. FEBS Lett. 1988; 231: 253-258Crossref PubMed Scopus (127) Google Scholar, 27Li L. Chen O.S. mcvey Wardzz D. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 29515-29519Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (268) Google Scholar). The expression ofAFT1-dependent genes was not increased in ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 cells. Wild-type, ΔYFH1, ΔMRS3ΔMRS4, and ΔYFH1ΔMRS3 ΔMRS4 strains were grown in glycerol-containing medium, and their cytochrome content as well as their aconitase, cytochrome coxidase, and oligomycin-sensitive ATPase activities were determined. The cytochrome content was not significantly modified in ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells (Fig. 8). Cytochrome coxidase and aconitase activities measured in isolated mitochondria were slightly decreased (Fig. 9, Aand D). Therefore, the amount of mitochondrial iron provided by the alternative import pathway was sufficient to ensure a large part of heme and iron-sulfur cluster biosynthesis in these cells growing at a slower rate. In ΔYFH1 cells, the cytochrome content was also normal, and cytochrome c oxidase was slightly affected, yet aconitase activity remained substantially lower than in wild-type mitochondria, although the apoprotein concentration estimated by Western blotting analysis was not modified (Fig.9 C). The decline in cytochrome content and in cytochrome oxidase and aconitase activities was more pronounced whenMRS3 and MRS4 deletions were introduced in a ΔYFH1 strain (Figs. 8 and 9). Therefore, in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells the decrease in mitochondrial iron concentration became a severely limiting factor. This indicates that a strain that has no frataxin needs more mitochondrial iron than a wild-type strain for heme and iron-sulfur cluster biosynthesis. The mitochondrial oligomycin-sensitive ATPase activity was similar in all strains (Fig.9 B), suggesting that iron-containing proteins were specifically affected. The deletion of MMT1 andMMT2 genes had no great effect on aconitase activity (Fig.9 A) and heme content (data not shown).Figure 9Mitochondrial enzyme activities in ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 and ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 cells. Activities were measured in mitochondria of glycerol-grown cells. Aconitase, cytochrome oxidase, and oligomycin-sensitive ATPase activities have been normalized to wild-type activities (100%). Aconitase activity is given as the ratio of aconitase to isocitrate dehydrogenase activity. Standard deviations were estimated using independent cell cultures and mitochondrial preparations. In the Western blot duplicates of wild-type and ΔYFH1 samples are shown.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) MRS3 and MRS4 are multicopy suppressors of mrs2 mutants (17Waldherr M. Ragnini A. Jank B. Teply R. Wiesenberger G. Schweyen R.J. Curr. Genet. 1993; 24: 301-306Crossref PubMed Scopus (60) Google Scholar). The latter have defects in magnesium transport into mitochondria (18Bui D.M. Gregan J. Jarosch E. Ragnini A. Schweyen R.J.J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 20438-20443Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF Scopus (142) Google Scholar), and it has recently been shown that mitochondrial magnesium concentrations are restored to wild-type levels in an mrs2 mutant overexpressingMRS3 or MRS4 (28Gregan J. Kolisek M. Schweyen R.J. Genes Dev. 2001; 15: 2229-2237Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar). We did not find significant modifications in the mitochondrial magnesium concentration of strains deleted for MRS3/MRS4 or overexpressingMRS4 (Table I). We also tested the effect of heavy metals on cellular growth. The most striking effect was obtained with cobalt. Growth of wild-type cells was reduced in the presence of 2.5 mm cobalt (Fig.10, lane 1). Inhibition was stronger for ΔYFH1 cells and total for ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 cells (Fig. 10,lanes 2 and 4). In all strains inhibition of cellular growth by cobalt was associated with induction of rho− mutants (Fig. 6). In contrast, ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells were extremely resistant to cobalt (Fig. 10, lane 3), and no loss of mitochondrial DNA was observed in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells. Cells expressing MRS4 on a multicopy plasmid had increased sensitivity to cobalt (Fig. 10, lanes 5 and 6). We were not able to detect cobalt inside mitochondria of wild-type or mutant strains grown in the presence of 25 μm cobalt (Table I). However, cobalt was detected in mitochondria overexpressing Mrs4p (Table I), indicating cobalt accumulation in these mitochondria. Curiously, the cobalt resistant ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain exhibits a higher intracellular cobalt concentration than the wild-type strain (Table I). Since this cobalt is not toxic, it might be sequestered in the vacuole.MRS3/MRS4 deletions were associated with increased cellular sensitivity to hydrogen peroxide and heavy metals such as copper, cadmium, and to a lesser extent, zinc (Fig. 10,lanes 3).Table ICobalt and magnesium concentrations in mitochondrial and non-mitochondrial fractions of wild-type and mutant strainsStrainCobaltMagnesiumMitochondriaSupernatantMitochondriaSupernatant μg Co/mg protein μg Mg/mg proteinWild-type<0.20.72.134ΔMRS3ΔMRS4<0.23.02.234ΔMMT1ΔMMT2<0.20.82.030Wild-type*<0.2NDNDNDWt [MRS4]*0.7NDNDNDCells were cultivated in glucose-rich medium or raffinose minimum medium (*) in the presence of 25 μm cobalt chloride. Mitochondrial pellets and post-mitochondrial supernatants of the cobalt-treated cells were kept for cobalt and magnesium determination. Metal concentrations below 1 μg/ml were under detection limits. Wt [MRS4] is the wild-type strain carrying the multicopy Yeplac195/MRS4 plasmid. ND, not determined. Open table in a new tab Cells were cultivated in glucose-rich medium or raffinose minimum medium (*) in the presence of 25 μm cobalt chloride. Mitochondrial pellets and post-mitochondrial supernatants of the cobalt-treated cells were kept for cobalt and magnesium determination. Metal concentrations below 1 μg/ml were under detection limits. Wt [MRS4] is the wild-type strain carrying the multicopy Yeplac195/MRS4 plasmid. ND, not determined. On the basis of the capacity ofMRS3/MRS4-overexpressing strains to suppress the mitochondrial magnesium transport defect of mrs2 mutants, it has been proposed that these mitochondrial carriers transport metals. The discovery that MRS4 expression was specifically co-regulated with genes involved in iron mobilization from the external medium and intracellular stores led us to investigate whether Mrs4p mediates iron import into mitochondria. The expression of the AFT1-dependent iron regulon and intracellular iron content are increased in a ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain. Nevertheless, the fraction of iron recovered in mitochondria is ∼2-fold lower in a ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 mutant. Therefore, the extra iron pumped from the external medium by ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells is not perceived by Aft1p and does not enter mitochondria. It might be sequestered in the vacuole, which is an important iron store in yeast (25Rutherford J.C. Jaron S. Ray E. Brown P.O. Winge D.R. Proc. Natl. Sci. U. S. A. 2001; 98: 14322-14327Crossref PubMed Scopus (127) Google Scholar, 26Raguzzi F. Lesuisse E. Crighton R.R. FEBS Lett. 1988; 231: 253-258Crossref PubMed Scopus (127) Google Scholar). Mitochondrial iron content is a balance between uptake and exit, and therefore, decreased mitochondrial iron uptake in the ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain may be compensated by lower exit so that the final mitochondrial iron content is only modestly decreased. Moreover, the slower growth of ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells contributes to maintain mitochondrial iron concentration as constant as possible. Our data indicate that Mrs3p/Mrs4p contribute for approximately half of the mitochondrial iron content. The increase in the incorporation of iron into protoporphyrin IX by ferrochelatase in isolated mitochondria overexpressing Mrs4p suggests in a more direct way that Mrs4p plays a role in mitochondrial iron transport in the wild-type strain. The situation is quite different for ΔYFH1 cells cultivated in glucose-rich medium. The iron regulon is up-regulated even when cells are grown in high iron media, and a large part of the iron imported into the cell is directed to mitochondria. Moreover, no iron is exported from mitochondria (11Radisky D.C. Babcock M.C. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 4497-4499Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (248) Google Scholar). Therefore, the rate of mitochondrial iron uptake is more faithfully reflected in a ΔYFH1 strain. Although the intracellular iron is substantially increased in a ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 strain grown in the presence of 50 μm iron, the mitochondrial iron content is five times lower than in a ΔYFH1 strain. Moreover, although frataxin-deficient cells cultivated in high iron media lose mitochondrial DNA, this effect is completely relieved by MRS3/MRS4 deletions. These data show that iron import into mitochondria is severely limited in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells. Conversely, MRS4 overexpression in ΔYFH1 cells elicits a 2.5-fold additional increase in the mitochondrial iron content. These cells have no mitochondrial DNA even under physiological conditions and grow very poorly, probably as a result of toxic mitochondrial iron overload. Therefore, in ΔYFH1 cells Mrs3p/Mrs4p carriers significantly contribute to mitochondrial iron accumulation. Up-regulation of the MRS4 transcript in the ΔYFH1 strain probably contributes to the process. Altogether, our experiments show that Mrs4p plays a role in mitochondrial iron uptake. This function is shared with at least another transporter that has not yet been identified. This unknown transporter might have high affinity for iron, since mitochondrial iron concentrations are only slightly increased in ΔYFH1ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells grown in high iron media. Reciprocally, Mrs3p and Mrs4p might be low affinity carriers. Increased expression of the iron regulon in ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells is associated with increased sensitivity to heavy metals, in particular cadmium and copper. It has been shown that iron starvation is associated with increased expression of broad specificity metal transporters in the plasma membrane (29Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 22181-22187Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (135) Google Scholar). Increased hydrogen peroxide sensitivity of ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells could be explained by the increased oxidative damage produced by heavy metal intracellular overload. However, ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells exhibit an extreme resistance to cobalt. The loss of mitochondrial DNA, which is observed in wild-type and ΔYFH1 strains treated with high cobalt concentrations, is completely prevented by MRS3/MRS4 deletions. Curiously, these cobalt-resistant cells accumulate more cobalt than wild type. This suggests that cobalt is sequestered, perhaps in the vacuole, since the expression of COT1, which encodes a vacuolar cobalt transporter is increased in ΔMRS3ΔMRS4 cells (29Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1998; 273: 22181-22187Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (135) Google Scholar). Mitochondrial cobalt concentration was under detection threshold in wild-type, ΔMRS3ΔMRS4, or ΔYFH1 cells. However, cobalt was detectable in mitochondria of MRS4-overexpressing cells. The latter exhibit increased sensitivity to cobalt. Whether cobalt plays a role in yeast cells, and more specifically in mitochondria, remains obscure. Inhibitory cobalt concentrations are extremely high, and toxicity might result from competition between iron and cobalt in prosthetic groups of iron-containing enzymes, such as ferrochelatase (30Shibayama N. Morimoto H. Kitagawa T. J. Mol. Biol. 1986; 192: 331-336Crossref PubMed Scopus (63) Google Scholar, 31Kwast K.E. Burke P.V. Staahl B.T. Poyton R.O. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1999; 96: 5446-5451Crossref PubMed Scopus (146) Google Scholar). It has previously been found that overexpressed Mrs4p can substitute for Mrs2p, a mitochondrial inner membrane protein involved in magnesium transport (18Bui D.M. Gregan J. Jarosch E. Ragnini A. Schweyen R.J.J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 20438-20443Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF Scopus (142) Google Scholar), suggesting that Mrs4p can also be used for import of magnesium into mitochondria (28Gregan J. Kolisek M. Schweyen R.J. Genes Dev. 2001; 15: 2229-2237Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar). Two other transporters in the inner mitochondrial membrane that belong to the family of cation efflux facilitators, Mmt1p and Mmt2p, have also been reported to play a role in mitochondrial iron import (4Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28485-28493Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar). Moreover, like MRS4, MMT2 is co-regulated with several iron regulon genes. MMT1 and MMT2 were isolated as multicopy suppressors of the growth defect of anerg25 mutant in low iron media (4Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28485-28493Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar). The authors found that the double deletion mutant grown in low iron media reaches a stationary phase for a lower cell density. Moreover, cells overexpressingMMT1 or MMT2 in high iron (250 μm) media have increased levels of iron both in cytosol and mitochondria. We also found that MMT2 overexpression increases the intracellular iron content, but we did not observe significant change in the mitochondrial iron level. It must be noted, however, that our culture medium contained lower iron concentrations (5–50 μm) to avoid aspecific binding of iron on yeast membranes (6Lange H. Kispal G. Lill R. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 18989-18996Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (133) Google Scholar). Moreover, as previously reported by others (6Lange H. Kispal G. Lill R. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 18989-18996Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (133) Google Scholar), we did not observe a clear phenotype linked to iron in ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 or ΔYFH1ΔMMT1ΔMMT2 deletion strains. This may be explained by the low expression of these transporters. In contrast to a previous report (4Li L. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 28485-28493Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (72) Google Scholar), our deletion strains were sensitive to cobalt. Finally, the dramatic decrease in the mitochondrial 55Fe level observed in ΔYFH1 cells overexpressing MMT2 does not support the hypothesis that Mmt2p imports iron into mitochondria but agrees with our observation that MMT2 behaves as a multicopy suppressor of the iron sensitivity trait characterizing ΔYFH1 cells. These data suggest that Mmt1p and Mmt2p play a role in the efflux of iron from mitochondria. It has often been admitted that an increase in toxic free radicals generated by mitochondrial iron overload is a cause of the mitochondrial dysfunction in frataxin-deficient cells (11Radisky D.C. Babcock M.C. Kaplan J. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 4497-4499Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (248) Google Scholar). This is probably true in ΔYFH1 cells cultivated in the presence of high non-physiological iron concentrations or when Mrs4p is overexpressed. We also found that ΔYFH1 cells that do not eliminate superoxide anions because they lack Sod2p, the mitochondrial superoxide dismutase, are extremely sick. 2F. Foury, unpublished data. Under these conditions, the mitochondrial genome is destroyed. However, in glycerol-grown ΔYFH1 cells, there is no mitochondrial iron overload, and a specific defect in the activity of iron-sulfur proteins such as aconitase is still observed. Moreover, a decrease in mitochondrial iron concentration is associated with a further decrease in aconitase activity. This means that in a frataxin-deficient strain more iron is required to synthesize iron-sulfur clusters, implying that mitochondrial iron is not efficiently used. This conclusion is in agreement with the report that multimers of yeast frataxin sequester large amounts of iron in a bioavailable form (10Adamec J. Rusnak F. Owen W.G. Naylor S. Benson L.M. Gacy A.M. Isaya G. Am. J. Hum. Genet. 2000; 67: 549-562Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (229) Google Scholar), suggesting that frataxin could regulate the delivery of iron for the biosynthesis of iron-sulfur clusters. A role for frataxin in iron-sulfur cluster metabolism is also supported by data obtained with conditional frataxin-deficient mice showing that a decline in the activity of iron-sulfur cluster proteins occurs prior to mitochondrial iron deposits (32Puccio H. Simon D. Cossee M. Criqui-Filipe P. Tiziano F. Melki J. Hindelang C. Matyas R. Rustin P. Koenig M. Nat. Genet. 2001; 27: 181-186Crossref PubMed Scopus (590) Google Scholar). Moreover, on the basis of phylogenetic studies run on 56 completely sequenced genomes, it has recently been proposed that frataxin plays a role in iron-sulfur cluster biosynthesis (33Huynen M.A. Snel B. Bork P. Gibson T.J. Hum. Mol. Genet. 2001; 10: 2463-2468Crossref PubMed Scopus (136) Google Scholar). We thus propose that two defective mechanisms co-exist in frataxin deficient cells. First, biosynthesis of iron-sulfur clusters is impaired (34Foury F. FEBS Lett. 1999; 456: 281-284Crossref PubMed Scopus (143) Google Scholar), and second, oxidative damage occurs under conditions of excess mitochondrial iron. Anne-Marie Faber performed the DAPI staining experiments. We thank Dr. Roland Lill (Marburg, Germany) for the gift of the aconitase antibody. F. Foury thanks the University Pierre and Marie Curie for a 1-month stay as Invited Professor in the laboratory of Maurice Claisse in the CNRS Center of Molecular Genetics (Gif-sur-Yvette, France). Dr. M. Claisse is greatfuly acknowledged for cytochrome spectra facilities and discussions.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(25/38)
TITLE: Clinical pharmacology – the first 75 years and a view of the future
ABSTRACT: When the Editor of the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology commissioned this article he probably expected a scholarly step-by-step account of the development of our discipline. He also asked that the review should consider current difficulties and future prospects. A period of reflection and some background literature searches soon convinced this author that a comprehensive account would be so lengthy and take so long to research thoroughly that it was more likely to be complete for the 80th anniversary of the British Pharmacological Society (BPS) than the 75th. So this is a personal account by someone who has lived and worked through just under 50 years of the 75 years the Editor wanted to cover. To minimize personal bias I have sought advice from a substantial number of those who have been leaders in the development of the discipline. Their names are listed at the end of the article. I am profoundly grateful to all of them and if I have misrepresented their views here and there I hope that they will forgive me. For the many very active participants I have not mentioned I plead the exigencies of time and page space. The article contains no references because there would have been hundreds, but it does include many names, so those who want to know more can use Google and Medline. At the conclusion of the article I have tried to address some of the rather pessimistic views about the future of clinical pharmacology that are current in many academic circles. They are views that I understand but do not entirely share. From the standpoint of someone who now works in industry, the challenges and opportunities for clinical pharmacologists are greater than they have ever been, but a vibrant academic clinical pharmacology community is essential for the practice of clinical medicine and the training of physicians as well as an important source of ideas for industry. At the very end of this article I have put forward some possible solutions to the current problems. To overseas readers they may seem rather UK oriented, but I believe that similar concepts, adapted to local circumstances, could be applied more widely. Academic and health service clinical pharmacology is needed and must not be allowed to wither. The history of clinical pharmacology is very much longer than the use of that descriptive name. In a real sense it goes back to the work of Chinese, Indian and Peruvian traditional practitioners, who discovered the activity in herbal remedies that we now know as artemisinin, reserpine and quinine. However, we know little about who was responsible and what doubts and difficulties they encountered. The fully documented period of drug discovery is much more recent, for example William Withering's publication on the purple foxglove in 1785, but it was still largely a combination of astute observation with trial and error. When the scientific era dawned the biological sciences at first lagged behind the physical sciences. Physiology was the first to develop a strong discipline and it was from physiology that pharmacology emerged. Arnold Burgen, who became professor of pharmacology in Cambridge, President of the International Union of Pharmacology (IUPHAR) and an important sponsor of clinical pharmacology, recalls being ticked off at lunchtime seminars at the Middlesex Hospital (in 1945) by the famous physiologist Samson Wright 'because he still talked like a clinician'. Not much encouragement there to become a clinical pharmacologist, but Arnold took it as a challenge to bring clinical know-how and basic science together and was soon conducting a trial of tetraethyl pyrophosphate in myasthenia gravis! There is debate about who first used the term 'clinical pharmacology', but it was probably Harry Gold, a Professor of Pharmacology at Cornell University, who had carried out seminal work on the human pharmacology of digitalis glycosides in the late 1930s and early 1940s. An important landmark in 1941 was the publication of the first edition of Goodman and Gilman's very influential textbook The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics. At this time the medical research scene was still very fluid. The British pharmacologist Sir John Gaddum once described the pharmacologist as a jack of all trades. Gaddum was referring to a period, which I can just remember, when the experimental pharmacologist built his own instruments, purified his own drugs, devised assays, anaesthetized animals, smoked his own recording drum. But in modern terms the clinical pharmacologist has also to be a jack of many trades or at least scientific disciplines, including pharmacology, biochemistry (in drug metabolism), mathematics and statistics (in pharmacokinetics and clinical trial design), experimental medicine, safety assessment and pharmacovigilance. In the modern world all these disciplines have their separate identities (and sometimes silos), but when this story begins 75 + years ago, such subdivisions scarcely existed. Take a single example: Sir Horace Smirk, the father of the modern treatment of hypertension through his introduction of the quaternary ammonium ganglion blocking drugs for malignant hypertension. Smirk graduated in medicine from Manchester and spent some time receiving research training in the early 1930s at the outstanding Department of Medicine at University College, London. By 1935 he was Professor of Pharmacology at the Egyptian University in Cairo. By 1940 he was Professor of Medicine at the University of Otago in New Zealand and it was from that apparently remote centre that he applied the basic pharmacology discoveries of Paton and Zaimis concerning the quaternary ammonium ganglion blocking drugs to severely ill hypertensive patients, with dramatic results. At that time almost all pharmacologists were medically trained, formal medical subspecialty training scarcely existed, and it was easy to move between laboratory and clinic, as Gold and Smirk did. In one sense we have spent the intervening 65 years trying to re-create that golden era of free movement of ideas and disciplines between pharmacology and medicine, albeit in a much more complex world. For this article I had to choose a starting point, and although it is just over 75 years ago I selected the discovery of insulin by the team led by Banting and Best, because of its enormous impact on a deadly disease and because they did the whole thing from isolation of the active principle, good-quality experimental work in animals and introduction into man. They were clinical pharmacologists, although it was not a term they knew. Fred Banting was a young surgeon who recruited Charles Best, just finishing his medical training, to work with him in the Department of Physiology in Toronto, to try to isolate the active antidiabetic principle known to be present in the pancreas from the earlier work of von Mering and Minkowski in 1889. The problem was that proteolytic enzymes in the pancreas rapidly degraded insulin when tissue extracts were made. During 1921 they made rapid progress, helped by the finding that fetal calves had no proteolytic enzymes in their pancreas but did produce insulin. With this and other material they were able to stabilize and purify preparations of insulin and use them to lower the blood sugar concentration markedly in diabetic dogs, prolonging their lives by up to 70 days. With the help of James Collip, a biochemist from chemical pathology, the purification process from adult pancreas was greatly improved by fractional precipitation in alcohol. The first to inject crude material into man were Banting and Best – they injected themselves, but all they achieved was a local inflammatory reaction. The first patient treated with the purified extract was a 14-year-old boy, Leonard Thompson, with diabetic ketoacidosis, who received the first dose of insulin on 23 January 1922. There was very marked clinical improvement within a short time. Insulin became commercially available later in 1922, as a result of prodigious efforts by the Eli Lilly company in Indianapolis. One of the early patients treated, a Canadian lawyer, survived into his late seventies. The contrast between 'dogs to humans in 8 months' of the insulin programme and the lengthy steps now taken with new drugs, extending from 10 to 15 years from inception of an idea to general use, is painfully obvious. After Pearl Harbor the Japanese quickly occupied Indonesia, which was the main source of quinine. This created a crisis in supply for the American Army operating in malarial South Pacific islands. James Shannon, a young renal physiologist, was recruited to solve the problem of developing synthetic antimalarials and set up a laboratory at the Goldwater Memorial Hospital in New York. Shannon was quickly convinced that the concentration a drug achieved was more important than the dose. Bernard Brodie and his technician, Sidney Udenfriend, were given the task of developing analytical techniques. They developed methods of extracting drugs into 'the least polar solvent' and then measuring them with a spectrophotometer or fluorometer. After the end of the war Shannon became Director of the Squibb Institute, but Brodie remained at Goldwater and produced a stream of papers on drug disposition and metabolism. Brodie and Julius Axelrod studied the metabolism of acetanilide and discovered that one of its metabolites was N-acetylaminophenol. They went on to show that this metabolite, better known as acetaminophen or paracetamol, was an analgesic. In 1949 Shannon left Squibb to become the Scientific Director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). He persuaded Brodie to join him there and to establish the Laboratory of Chemical Pharmacology. It was said of Shannon that he only had to whistle in New York and all the scientists he wanted came running. It was the interdisciplinary approach forged during the malaria programme that Shannon used to transform the NIH. Sidney Udenfriend was also recruited and the technicians included Julius Axelrod. John Burns worked with Brodie at Goldwater and after his move to industry became a major sponsor of clinical pharmacology. Drug metabolism and the responsible cytochrome P450 enzymes became a major focus of the NIH laboratory that was later led by Jim Gillette. Among the fellows who trained there was Donald Davies, who later became head of biochemical pharmacology in my group at the Hammersmith Hospital in London. The NIH laboratory was also largely responsible for developing the concept of reactive metabolites and their role in toxicity. Shannon recruited Albert Sjoerdsma to the NIH Clinical Center in 1953 and his alliance with Sidney Udenfriend was very productive. Sjoerdsma had trained in both pharmacology and medicine at Chicago and in 1955 he became head of a new NIH Department of Experimental Therapeutics. This became the major training ground for a generation of distinguished US clinical pharmacologists, including Jim Crout, John Oates, Leon Goldberg, R. J. Levin and Ken Melmon. Each of these was to found a major clinical pharmacology research and training centre, particularly John Oates at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. A major focus of Sjoerdsma's group and of his trainees was the drug treatment of hypertension and it was during research in Sjoerdsma's laboratory, led by John Oates, that the hypotensive activity of methyldopa was discovered. The drug treatment of hypertension was also a major driver of the development of clinical pharmacology in Europe. In Europe there was no central driver in the shape of a James Shannon or the NIH, so development was more multicentric, often arising from research-minded physicians working with pharmaceutical companies. In France Henri Laborit, a surgeon interested in treating shock, had noted some interesting responses from chlorpromazine. He recommended it for trial to the psychiatrist Pierre Deniker. I recall talking to Deniker at the World Health Organization (WHO), when he said that the first indication he had of something important was when his head nurse came to him and said 'Prof. Deniker, this drug is quite unlike anything we have ever tried before in schizophrenia'. In the UK the main drivers were two powerful professors of medicine, John McMichael at Hammersmith and Max Rosenheim at University College Hospital. Both were interested in cardiovascular disease, particularly hypertension, and established some of the first hypertension clinics. As a young senior house officer (junior resident) I had already resolved to study drug therapy and had secured a Medical Research Council (MRC) training fellowship to go to the Department of Pharmacology in Oxford. One morning, while I was making rounds at the Brompton Hospital, the phone rang. It was John McMichael asking me (it sounded more like a command) to come back to the Hammersmith Hospital as his research registrar and take responsibility for the hypertension clinic. I was exceedingly fortunate in the timing, for within a few years we studied a gamut of new drugs, such as chlorothiazide, bretylium, guanethidine, methyldopa, propranolol and clonidine. During that time accelerated hypertension changed from a disease with a prognosis as bad as lung cancer to something that any well-trained internist could manage. With MRC support I was able to recruit Donald Davies from Brodie's laboratory at the NIH as head of biochemical pharmacology and to embark on a multidisciplinary approach to the study of drugs in man. We had the good fortune to recruit a string of very bright young physicians to the department, including Alasdair Breckenridge, Mike Rawlins, Charles George, John Reid, Peter Lewis, Morris Brown, Jim Ritter and many others from the UK and overseas. Meanwhile, at University College Max Rosenheim recruited Desmond Laurence. Desmond had come out of the army wanting to train as a hospital physician, but there was intense competition from the large number of doctors being demobilized and he took a supernumerary post in the Department of Medicine at St Thomas' Hospital. Because of his interest in treatment he was advised to apply for a Readership that had just become vacant at University College, although Desmond felt that he had few qualifications for it. Fortunately, he was appointed (as a Senior Lecturer) and so began the first clinical pharmacology unit in the UK. Laurence took a very active role in working on many antihypertensive compounds and his textbook on clinical pharmacology became a bible for generations of medical students. Brian Prichard in his department made important contributions in a number of areas, notably in discovering the hypotensive effect of propranolol. In Sweden the drive to develop clinical pharmacology was given a major impetus by the distinguished pharmacologist, Borje Uvnas. The different origins of clinical pharmacology, in the UK and USA mainly from internal medicine and in Scandinavia from pharmacology, account for some of the differences in practice and funding that persist to this day, although there has been considerable convergence. In the early days of drug regulation by government agencies, such as the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the USA and the Committee on Safety of Medicines (CSM) in the UK, the main emphasis was on safety, dating back to the Elixir Sulfanilamide disaster of 1937 in the USA. This tragedy occurred shortly after the introduction of sulfanilamide, the first sulphonamide antimicrobial drug, when diethylene glycol was used as the diluent in the formulation of a liquid formulation known as Elixir Sulfanilamide and 105 patients died from its use. Under the drug regulations then in force, premarketing toxicity testing was not required. In reaction to this calamity, the US Congress passed the 1938 Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which required proof of safety before the release of a new drug. It is worth noting that several pivotal points in the history of drug regulation have occurred in response to drug disasters, such as those caused by sulfanilamide, thalidomide and practolol. The Kefauver–Harris Drug Control Act, passed by Congress in 1962 in response to the thalidomide catastrophe in Europe, and the establishment of the Dunlop Committee in 1963 and the UK Medicines Act of 1968, strengthened US and UK regulation. These new laws changed everything, with the requirement that drugs must have demonstrated efficacy. They were very important drivers for developing clinical pharmacology, but more about the role of the pharmaceutical industry later. The development of clinical pharmacology in the 1950s and 1960s took place in an atmosphere of high excitement. There was a flood of new and important drugs, a general recognition of the need for more systematic investigation of drug action in man, and career opportunities were opening up. Drug safety disasters such as thalidomide gave a further powerful impetus. When the Committee on Safety of Drugs was formed in the aftermath of thalidomide, it was to a clinical pharmacologist (although his chair was named Therapeutics), Derrick Dunlop, that the British Government turned to take the chair. During this period new departments were created at the Hammersmith Hospital (Dollery) and University College (Laurence) in London, in Nashville (Oates), Kansas City (Azarnoff), San Francisco (Melmon) and Atlanta and later Chicago (Goldberg) in the United States, and in Stockholm (Sjöqvist) in Sweden. Support came from both research funding agencies (the MRC in the UK and the NIH in the USA) and some major pharmaceutical companies. The WHO held meetings and issued reports on the development of clinical pharmacology. John Burns, now in industry, organized a series of meetings in the USA that brought together the nucleus of people leading the new discipline. New journals were established, such as the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology, with Paul Turner as its first editor. New societies or clinical pharmacology sections of existing national and international pharmacological societies, such as the BPS and the IUPHAR, were formed. Very capable young physicians and scientists were attracted into the new discipline. Colin Dollery Desmond Laurence Andrew Herxhemier Dan Azarnoff Ken Melmon Leon Goldberg Folke Sjöqvist From these origins clinical pharmacologists spread out in all directions. Clinical pharmacology courses were introduced into the medical undergraduate curriculum and several centres offered postgraduate workshops and training programmes for clinical pharmacologists. In the UK clinical pharmacology was recognized as a specialty within internal medicine, with its own training programme. To counter the flood of promotion by pharmaceutical companies, both governments (Prescribers' Journal) and private agencies (Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin, The Medical Letter) produced publications containing impartial assessments of the beneficial and adverse effects of medicines. Clinical pharmacologists figured prominently on the editorial boards of these publications and were often their editors, e.g. Andrew Herxheimer and Joe Collier, successive editors of the Drug and Therapeutics Bulletin. Clinical pharmacologists were prominent in devising and promoting pharmacovigilance systems, both local and national, for reporting and analysing adverse drug reactions. The newly formed hospital formulary committees almost always included a clinical pharmacologist, if one was available. Many clinical pharmacologists, particularly in English-speaking countries, provided front-line clinical services, usually in general internal medicine with a cardiovascular bias, but clinical pharmacologists established themselves in other therapeutic areas, e.g. Malcolm Lader in psychopharmacology at the Maudsley Institute in London. When they did not run their own services, some clinical pharmacologists tried to build up hospital consulting services on drug problems. I have personal memories of going on 'clinical pharmacology rounds' with Ken Melmon's team in San Francisco. John Oates What was less apparent to the participants at the time was that the expansion of their discipline took place at a time when both research and clinical service budgets were expanding rapidly. When the squeeze on university and hospital budgets began in the 1990s, many of these services, provided on a 'pro bono' basis by clinical pharmacologists, much of whose support was from research funds, began to crumble – but that comes later in the story. The next stage I have called the age of divergence, when many of the disciplines that contribute to clinical pharmacology (such as drug metabolism, pharmacokinetics and clinical trials) grew so large and important in their own right that they had their own meetings and, to some extent, the specialty of clinical pharmacology fragmented. As we shall see later, the pharmaceutical industry dealt with the problem by creating project teams, with team members from each of these disciplines, but the academic centres struggled to remain comprehensive. Many disciplines contribute to understanding drug action, therapeutic efficacy and safety in man. As the number and importance of therapeutic drugs grew rapidly in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, so did those scientific disciplines. They formed their own scientific societies, held their own meetings and founded their own journals. It was all perfectly understandable and mirrored what was happening across the whole range of biomedical disciplines, but it had a downside – they were often focused on the same drug molecules and yet their communication with one another was far from perfect. It is for that reason that I have chosen to describe the growth of these disciplines under separate headings, because that is mostly the way it happened. Pharmacologists, both basic and clinical, soon realized the importance of drug metabolism in explaining large interindividual differences in response to drugs. The symposium on 'Plasma Concentrations and Drug Effects' organized by the BPS at the Hammersmith Hospital in 1970 attracted a registration that exceeded the capacity of a lecture theatre that seated over 500 people. As the subject developed, however, much of the fundamental groundwork was done in laboratories of biochemistry and molecular biology. Drug-metabolizing enzymes It is critical to the work of any clinical pharmacologist to understand the absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion of the chemical compounds that he or she administers to patients. As most drugs are lipid-soluble entities that are only very slowly excreted by the kidneys, chemical transformation in the body to make them more water soluble is essential. Two of the great pioneers of studies of drug metabolism were Tecwyn (RT) Williams at St Mary's Hospital in London and Bernard Brodie at the NIH. RT's interest grew from his work on glucuronyl transferase to a wide interest in the biochemistry of drug metabolism, while Brodie's interest was always more to do with the ways in which metabolism influenced the actions of drugs and their toxicity. Both trained a large number of postdocs who took up critical positions in the field. Brodie's laboratory at the NIH became the world centre for drug metabolism research. Scientists there were the first to investigate inhibition and induction of drug metabolism, to purify the enzymes responsible and to recognize the importance of metabolites in drug toxicity. The researchers included John Burns, Jim Gillette, Alan Conney, Wayne Levin and Ryuchi Kato, among many others A breakthrough was the observation in 1962, by Ryo Sato and Tsuneo Omura in Estabrook's laboratory, that carbon monoxide inhibited the haemoprotein responsible for much of drug metabolism and that this effect was reversed by shining light of 450 nm wavelength on the reaction mixture. Hence the name cytochrome P450. Initially it was thought that there was single cytochrome P450 with multiple binding sites and it was Anthony Lu at Merck and Minor Coon at Ann Arbor who recognized that cytochrome P450 was a mixture of several different isoforms, the so-called mixed function oxidases. The molecular biology of the cytochrome P450 isoenzymes was largely worked out by Daniel Nebert and Frank Gonzales at the NIH and Urs Meyer in Switzerland. It has since become standard practice in industry to express the five main human cytochrome P450s for use in the developability work-up of new molecules. This shows which isoforms of cytochrome P450 are responsible for metabolism of the compound or may be inhibited by it, and metabolism-dependent inhibition of the enzyme gives an indication of the formation of electrophilic metabolites. Reactive metabolites One of the major contributions of studies of drug metabolism has been the recognition of the importance of reactive metabolites in drug toxicity, particularly hepatotoxicity and so-called idiosyncratic toxicity (severe events of very low frequency). This work can be traced back as far as the work of Landsteiner and Jacobs on sensitization by simple chemicals in the 1930s, but the key compound in the progression of this understanding was paracetamol (acetaminophen), because of the frequency of its use in attempted suicide. The main features of its toxic effects were elucidated in Jim Gillette's laboratory at the NIH in the 1970s. Paracetamol is metabolically activated by cytochrome P450 enzymes to a reactive metabolite that depletes glutathione and becomes covalently bound to proteins. Repletion of glutathione prevented the toxicity and this became the foundation of the treatment of paracetamol overdose with sulphydryl donors such as methionine, cysteamine and N-acetylcysteine, to which Laurie Prescott in the UK made important contributions. The reactive metabolite was identified later as N-acetyl-para-benzoquinone imine (NAPQI). Recently, Kevin Park's laboratory in Liverpool has made further progress in understanding the mechanism of paracetamol toxicity, by demonstrating that paracetamol directly inhibits γ-glutamylcysteine synthetase. I end this paragraph with a quote from Stephen E. Clarke, GSK's head of drug metabolism in the UK: 'It was thought to be a bad idea for chemicals to form reactive species and covalently bind to proteins over 50 years ago. It still is!'. Pharmacogenetics and drug metabolism Werner Kalow in Canada was the real founder of pharmacogenetic studies in clinical pharmacology and his book on pharmacogenetics, published in 1962, was a landmark. UK clinical pharmacologists were early in the field of pharmacogenetics applied to drug metabolism. David Price Evans carried out extensive research on the acetylator phenotype and its effects on drug metabolism and toxicity, particularly for isoniazid. Robert Smith, working in Tecwyn Williams's laboratory, made a seminal observation when he took a small dose of debrisoquine (supervised by Peter Sever) and became markedly hypotensive. This was a deliberate experiment. Bob Smith believed that the wide range of doses of antihypertensive drugs required to control blood pressure could not be explained by differences in target organ sensitivity. Further investigation showed that Bob's ability to hydroxylate debrisoquine at the 4 position was very low, and from that a polymorphism of cytochrome P450, now called CYP2D6, was recognized. In current parlance, Bob was a poor metabolizer of debrisoquine. At about the same time, Michel Eichelbaum in Germany made an independent observation of the same polymorphism, using sparteine as a substrate. More recently, polmorphisms of less common drug-metabolizing enzymes have been recognized that can have very serious consequences. Both thioguanine and mercaptopurine are metabolized by thiopurine methyltransferase, an enzyme that has many polymorphisms, and marked deficiency of this enzyme can cause severe toxicity with normal doses of thioguanine and mercaptopurine. Rare polymorphisms of dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase can result in severe 5-fluorouracil toxicity. Despite major efforts, particularly by Sjöqvist's team in Sweden, and others with major interests in therapeutic drug monitoring, adoption of these findings into the routine practice of clinical medicine has been very slow. On the other hand, in the pharmaceutical industry it is part of the routine work-up of new compounds to evaluate their routes of metabolism and the effects of common enzyme polymorphisms, both in vitro and in vivo. Possibly the clinical application tide will turn now that diagnostic chips are becoming available for some of the most frequent polymorphisms of drug metabolism. What is needed, however, is large-scale clinical trials to demonstrate that it is possible to achieve more effective (and particularly cost effective) and safer therapeutic outcomes by taking genetic polymorphisms of the drug-metabolizing enzymes into account. Was the failure to plan and carry out such trials a consequence of a 'siloed' approach to clinical pharmacology or of lack of interest by funding agencies and pharmaceutical companies? The origin of the term pharmacokinetics is attributed to F. H. Dost in a paper published in 1953, but as early as 1847 Buchanan in England had measured the arterial concentrations of ether during general anaesthesia and inferred that rapid recovery after short periods of anaesthesia with ether was due to redistribution into the tissues. In 1937 Teorell, a Swedish physiologist, published the first physiologically based pharmacokinetic model, using five compartments: the drug depot, the circulation, fluid volume, renal elimination and tissue inactivation. He used real volumes, but it was years before his contribution was recognized and even today we are only slowly returning to physiological models, albeit with much greater knowledge of drug distribution, membrane permeability, protein binding, transporter molecules and the like. In a 1981 review in the jo

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(26/38)
TITLE: Evolution's Wedge: Competition and the Origins of Diversity
ABSTRACT: Preface 1. Discovery of a Unifying Principle Introduction A Brief History Detecting Character Displacement Phenomena Mistaken for Character Displacement What Constitutes Character Displacement? Conflation of Process and Pattern Reproductive Character Displacement versus Reinforcement Terminology A Unifying Principle Summary Further Reading Box 1.1: Alternative Manifestations of Character Displacement Box 1.2: Suggestions for Future Research 2. Why Character Displacement Occurs Introduction Why Ecological Character Displacement Occurs RESOURCE COMPETITION COMPETITIVE EXCLUSION SPECIES COEXISTENCE RESOURCE PARTITIONING VIA CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT VS. SPECIES SORTING Why Reproductive Character Displacement Occurs REPRODUCTIVE COMPETITION REPRODUCTIVE EXCLUSION REPRODUCTIVE PARTITIONING VIA CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT VS. SPECIES SORTING Summary Further Reading Box 2.1: Alternative Models of Species Coexistence Box 2.2: Is Competitively Induced Plasticity Character Displacement? Box 2.3: Suggestions for Future Research 3. When Character Displacement Occurs Introduction Facilitators of Character Displacement STANDING VARIATION STRONG SELECTION ECOLOGICAL OPPORTUNITY LACK OF ANTAGONISTIC GENETIC CORRELATIONS GENE FLOW INITIAL DIFFERENCES Variation in the Expression of Character Displacement How Ecological and Reproductive Character Displacement Facilitate Each Other ECOLOGICAL DIVERGENCE AS A FACILITATOR OF REPRODUCTIVE DIVERGENCE REPRODUCTIVE DIVERGENCE AS A FACILITATOR OF ECOLOGICAL DIVERGENCE WHY ONE FORM IS NECESSARY TO FACILITATE THE OTHER How Ecological and Reproductive Character Displacement Can Impede Each Other Summary Further Reading Box 3.1: Suggestions for Future Research 4. How Character Displacement Unfolds Introduction Mechanisms of Divergence GENETICALLY CANALIZED DIVERGENCE ENVIRONMENTALLY INDUCED DIVERGENCE Tempo and Mode of Character Displacement HOW MECHANISMS DIFFER IN SPEED OF DIVERGENCE THE PLASTICITY-FIRST HYPOTHESIS EMPIRICAL TESTS OF THE PLASTICITY-FIRST HYPOTHESIS Summary Further Reading Box 4.1: Suggestions for Future Research 5. Diversity and Novelty Within Species Introduction How Intraspecific Character Displacement Works Intraspecific Character Displacement: Observational Evidence Intraspecific Character Displacement: Experimental Evidence Evolution of Alternative Phenotypes FREQUENCY-DEPENDENT DISRUPTIVE SELECTION AND THE EVOLUTION OF ALTERNATIVE PHENOTYPES EVOLUTION OF RESOURCE POLYMORPHISM EVOLUTION OF MATING POLYMORPHISM Intraspecific Character Displacement and Species Diversity Character Displacement Within Versus Between Species Summary Further Reading Box 5.1: Suggestions for Future Research 6. Ecological Consequences Introduction Evolution of the Niche Partitioning of Resources and Reproduction: A Reprise Community Organization Character Displacement and Darwinian Extinction Species Distributions and Geographic Mosaics Character Displacement and Species Ranges Summary Further Reading Box 6.1: Individual Variation and the Coexistence of Species Box 6.2: Suggestions for Future Research 7. Sexual Selection Introduction How Sexual Selection Works How Character Displacement Affects Sexual Selection EFFECTS OF PHENOTYPIC SHIFTS EFFECTS OF HABITAT SHIFTS Implications of Character Displacement's Effects on Sexual Selection How Sexual Selection Affects Character Displacement A Cautionary Note: Process Versus Pattern Summary Further Reading Box 7.1: Suggestions for Future Research 8. Speciation Introduction What are Species? How are Species Boundaries Maintained? Evolution of Isolating Mechanisms Character Displacement's Role in Speciation HOW CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT FINALIZES SPECIATION HOW CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT INITIATES SPECIATION HOW INTRASPECIFIC CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT INITIATES SPECIATION Summary Further Reading Box 8.1: Selection and the Evolution of Reproductive Isolation Box 8.2: Suggestions for Future Research 9. Macroevolution Introduction Competition in the Fossil Record Methods for Studying Macroevolution: Rewinding the Tape of Life Adaptive Radiation SPECIES PROLIFERATION DIVERGENT EVOLUTION Evolutionary Escalation Macroevolution: Red Queen or Court Jester? Summary Further Reading Box 9.1: Suggestions for Future Research 10. Major Themes and Unsolved Problems Introduction Major Themes of the Book CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT IS A PROCESS, NOT A PATTERN CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT CAN PRODUCE DIFFERENT FORMS OF TRAIT EVOLUTION ECOLOGICAL AND REPRODUCTIVE CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT INTERACT PHENOTYPIC PLASTICITY CAN MEDIATE CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT PROMOTES DIVERSIFICATION AT MULTIPLE LEVELS CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT AND SEXUAL SELECTION INTERACT CHARACTER DISPLACEMENT HAS MACROEVOLUTIONARY IMPLICATIONS Some Unsolved Problems Summary

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(27/38)
TITLE: C/EBPα Regulates Hepatic Transcription of Hepcidin, an Antimicrobial Peptide and Regulator of Iron Metabolism
ABSTRACT: Originally identified as a gene up-regulated by iron overload in mouse liver, the HEPC gene encodes hepcidin, the first mammalian liver-specific antimicrobial peptide and potential key regulator of iron metabolism. Here we demonstrate that during rat liver development, amounts of HEPC transcripts were very low in fetal liver, strongly and transiently increased shortly after birth, and reappeared in adult liver. To gain insight into mechanisms that regulate hepatic expression of hepcidin, 5′-flanking regions of human and mouse HEPC genes were isolated and analyzed by functional and DNA binding assays. Human and mouseHEPC promoter-luciferase reporter vectors exhibited strong basal activity in hepatoma HuH-7 and mouse hepatocytes, respectively, but not in non-hepatic U-2OS cells. We found that CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein α (C/EBPα) and C/EBPβ were respectively very potent and weak activators of both human and mouse promoters. In contrast, co-expression of hepatocyte nuclear factor 4α (HNF4α) failed to induce HEPC promoter activity. By electrophoretic mobility shift assay we demonstrated that one putative C/EBP element found in the human HEPCpromoter (−250/−230) predominantly bound C/EBPα from rat liver nuclear extracts. Hepatic deletion of the C/EBPα gene resulted in reduced expression of HEPC transcripts in mouse liver. In contrast, amounts of HEPC transcripts increased in liver-specific HNF4α-null mice. Decrease of hepcidin mRNA in mice lacking hepatic C/EBPα was accompanied by iron accumulation in periportal hepatocytes. Finally, iron overload led to a significant increase of C/EBPα protein and HEPC transcripts in mouse liver. Taken together, these data demonstrate that C/EBPα is likely to be a key regulator of HEPC gene transcription and provide a novel mechanism for cross-talk between the C/EBP pathway and iron metabolism. Originally identified as a gene up-regulated by iron overload in mouse liver, the HEPC gene encodes hepcidin, the first mammalian liver-specific antimicrobial peptide and potential key regulator of iron metabolism. Here we demonstrate that during rat liver development, amounts of HEPC transcripts were very low in fetal liver, strongly and transiently increased shortly after birth, and reappeared in adult liver. To gain insight into mechanisms that regulate hepatic expression of hepcidin, 5′-flanking regions of human and mouse HEPC genes were isolated and analyzed by functional and DNA binding assays. Human and mouseHEPC promoter-luciferase reporter vectors exhibited strong basal activity in hepatoma HuH-7 and mouse hepatocytes, respectively, but not in non-hepatic U-2OS cells. We found that CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein α (C/EBPα) and C/EBPβ were respectively very potent and weak activators of both human and mouse promoters. In contrast, co-expression of hepatocyte nuclear factor 4α (HNF4α) failed to induce HEPC promoter activity. By electrophoretic mobility shift assay we demonstrated that one putative C/EBP element found in the human HEPCpromoter (−250/−230) predominantly bound C/EBPα from rat liver nuclear extracts. Hepatic deletion of the C/EBPα gene resulted in reduced expression of HEPC transcripts in mouse liver. In contrast, amounts of HEPC transcripts increased in liver-specific HNF4α-null mice. Decrease of hepcidin mRNA in mice lacking hepatic C/EBPα was accompanied by iron accumulation in periportal hepatocytes. Finally, iron overload led to a significant increase of C/EBPα protein and HEPC transcripts in mouse liver. Taken together, these data demonstrate that C/EBPα is likely to be a key regulator of HEPC gene transcription and provide a novel mechanism for cross-talk between the C/EBP pathway and iron metabolism. To ward off infections by pathogenic microorganisms, mammals display two distinct but complementary lines of defense: the acquired immune system, characterized by highly specific but delayed onset of response to initial pathogen exposure and the non-targeted innate immunity acting as a first barrier host defense. The ability to avoid microbial infection relies for the major part on constitutive or inducible endogenous synthesis of a battery of microbicidal substances named antimicrobial peptides that behave as natural antibiotics of the organism (1Schroder J.M. Cell Mol. Life Sci. 1999; 56: 32-46Google Scholar, 2Hancock R.E. Diamond G. Trends Microbiol. 2000; 8: 402-410Google Scholar). These molecular effectors, universally found in procaryotes, plants, and animals ranging from insects to mammals, exhibit a broad spectra of activities on bacteria and fungi (3Hoffmann J.A. Curr. Opin. Immunol. 1995; 7: 4-10Google Scholar, 4Ganz T. Lehrer R.I. Curr. Opin. Immunol. 1998; 10: 41-44Google Scholar, 5Lehrer R.I. Ganz T. Curr. Opin. Immunol. 1999; 11: 23-27Google Scholar, 6Hoffmann J.A. Kafatos F.C. Janeway C.A. Ezekowitz R.A. Science. 1999; 284: 1313-1318Google Scholar). Antimicrobial peptides, typically 20–40 amino acids in length, are rich in cationic residues and adopt an amphipathic structure. Recently, we identified a novel mouse gene namedHEPC (7Pigeon C. Ilyin G. Courselaud B. Leroyer P. Turlin B. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7811-7819Google Scholar) encoding a small 83-aa protein that shares significant homology in its C-terminal region with human peptide hepcidin (also termed LEAP-1) isolated in two parallel studies from human urine (8Park C.H. Valore E.V. Waring A.J. Ganz T. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7806-7810Google Scholar) and plasma ultrafiltrate (9Krause A. Neitz S. Magert H.J. Schulz A. Forssmann W.G. Schulz-Knappe P. Adermann K. FEBS Lett. 2000; 480: 147-150Google Scholar). Hepcidin exhibits a broad range of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria and fungi (8Park C.H. Valore E.V. Waring A.J. Ganz T. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7806-7810Google Scholar, 9Krause A. Neitz S. Magert H.J. Schulz A. Forssmann W.G. Schulz-Knappe P. Adermann K. FEBS Lett. 2000; 480: 147-150Google Scholar). However, in contrast to described mammalian antimicrobial peptides including α- and β-defensins (4Ganz T. Lehrer R.I. Curr. Opin. Immunol. 1998; 10: 41-44Google Scholar, 5Lehrer R.I. Ganz T. Curr. Opin. Immunol. 1999; 11: 23-27Google Scholar), which are expressed mainly in circulating neutrophil granulocytes and in various epithelia including gastrointestinal, urogenital, and respiratory tracts, hepcidin exhibits predominant liver expression. Because inDrosophila most antimicrobial peptides were produced in the fat body, a functional equivalent of the liver (10Sondergaard L. Trends Genet. 1993; 9: 193Google Scholar), hepcidin could represent the first mammalian hepatic homologue of insect cysteine-rich antimicrobial peptides. Hepcidin was identified as a gene induced in mouse liver by iron excess (7Pigeon C. Ilyin G. Courselaud B. Leroyer P. Turlin B. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7811-7819Google Scholar). In addition, expression of hepcidin was enhanced in mouse hepatocytes both in vivo and in vitro after exposure to bacterial lipopolysaccharides (7Pigeon C. Ilyin G. Courselaud B. Leroyer P. Turlin B. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7811-7819Google Scholar) and was dramatically induced following bacterial challenge in bass liver (11Shike H. Lauth X. Westerman M.E. Ostland V.E. Carlberg J.M. Van Olst J.C. Shimizu C. Bulet P. Burns J.C. Eur. J. Biochem. 2002; 269: 2232-2237Google Scholar). Induction of hepcidin in these two unrelated physiopathological situations could indicate that besides its antimicrobial functions this peptide exhibits other functions. Several antimicrobial peptides display functions not directly related to host defense including prevention from oxidative stress (12Wakabayashi H. Matsumoto H. Hashimoto K. Teraguchi S. Takase M. Hayasawa H. Biosci. Biotechnol. Biochem. 1999; 63: 955-957Google Scholar), antitumor activity (13Ohtake T. Fujimoto Y. Ikuta K. Saito H. Ohhira M. Ono M. Kohgo Y. Br. J. Cancer. 1999; 81: 393-403Google Scholar), and regulation of angiogenesis (14Li J. Post M. Volk R. Gao Y., Li, M. Metais C. Sato K. Tsai J. Aird W. Rosenberg R.D. Hampton T.G. Sellke F. Carmeliet P. Simons M. Nat. Med. 2000; 6: 49-55Google Scholar). Recent reports argue in favor of a role of hepcidin in iron metabolism. Indeed, analysis of upstream stimulatory factor 2 (USF2) 1The abbreviations used are: USF2, upstream stimulatory factor 2; aa, amino acid; AFP, α-fetoprotein; C/EBP, CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein; EMSA, electrophoretic mobility shift assay; FCS, fetal calf serum; GFP, green fluorescent protein; HNF4α, hepatocyte nuclear factor 4α; MEM, minimum essential medium; MOPS, 4-morpholinepropanesulfonic acid; STAT, signal transducers and activators of transcription. knockout mice revealed a development of iron overload in liver, pancreas, and heart. In these mice, it appeared that two very highly related mouse hepcidin genes, HEPC1 and HEPC2, lying in close proximity to the USF2 gene, were transcriptionally inactive, and livers of USF2 −/− mice did not contain HEPC transcripts. It has been suggested that the lack of hepcidin expression was responsible for the liver iron-overload phenotype observed inUSF2 −/− (15Nicolas G. Bennoun M. Devaux I. Beaumont C. Grandchamp B. Kahn A. Vaulont S. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2001; 98: 8780-8785Google Scholar, 16Fleming R.E. Sly W.S. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2001; 98: 8160-8162Google Scholar). Inversely, early liver expression of the HEPC1 gene in transgenic mice resulted in phenotypic traits of iron deficiency (17Nicolas G. Bennoun M. Porteu A. Mativet S. Beaumont C. Grandchamp B. Sirito M. Sawadogo M. Kahn A. Vaulont S. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2002; 99: 4596-4601Google Scholar). These results strongly suggest that hepcidin plays an important role in the regulation of iron homeostasis (15Nicolas G. Bennoun M. Devaux I. Beaumont C. Grandchamp B. Kahn A. Vaulont S. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2001; 98: 8780-8785Google Scholar, 16Fleming R.E. Sly W.S. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2001; 98: 8160-8162Google Scholar). In this study, to understand molecular mechanisms involved in the regulation of hepcidin in the liver, we have cloned and analyzed human and mouse HEPC promoters and investigated the transcriptional control of the HEPC gene in vitroand in vivo. We demonstrated that liver-enriched nuclear factor C/EBPα, a critical regulator of several hepatic metabolic processes (18Darlington G.J. Wang N. Hanson R.W. Curr. Opin. Genet. Dev. 1995; 5: 565-570Scopus (115) Google Scholar), is likely to play an essential role in the control ofHEPC gene expression. For fetal rat liver samples, pregnant female Sprague-Dawley rats were purchased from Charles River (St. Aubin-les-Elbeuf, France). Breeding was done by placing female rats with males of the same strain overnight, and the noon of the next day was considered as 0.5 day postcoitum. On the indicated days of gestation, rats were anesthetized, embryos were removed, livers were minced, and washed briefly with phosphate-buffered saline. The mice with liver-specific deletion of the C/EBPα gene will be reported elsewhere. Briefly, C/EBPα-floxed allele described earlier (19Lee Y.H. Sauer B. Johnson P.F. Gonzalez F.J. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1997; 17: 6014-6022Google Scholar) was bred with the rat albumin Cre transgene (20Yakar S. Liu J.L. Stannard B. Butler A. Accili D. Sauer B. LeRoith D. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1999; 96: 7324-7329Google Scholar). The gene deletion commenced at about 2 weeks of age at the onset of expression of the albumin promoter and completely deleted at age 6 weeks when the promoter was maximally expressed (21Hayhurst G.P. Lee Y.H. Lambert G. Ward J.M. Gonzalez F.J. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2001; 21: 1393-1403Google Scholar). Liver-specific HNF4α-null mice were generated by Cre-loxP-mediated deletion of exons 4 and 5 of theHNF4α gene as previously described (21Hayhurst G.P. Lee Y.H. Lambert G. Ward J.M. Gonzalez F.J. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2001; 21: 1393-1403Google Scholar, 22Inoue Y. Hayhurst G.P. Inoue J. Mori M. Gonzalez F.J. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 25257-25265Google Scholar). For experimental iron overload, 5-week-old BALB/cJ male mice were obtained from CERJ (Le Genet St. Ile, France). Minced rat and mice liver samples were frozen in liquid nitrogen and kept at −80 °C until further processing. Carbonyl iron overload was performed as previously described (23Pigeon C. Turlin B. Iancu T.C. Leroyer P., Le Lan J. Deugnier Y. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Hepatol. 1999; 30: 926-934Google Scholar). Briefly, a group of five mice was iron-overloaded by 3% carbonyl iron supplemented in the diet (AO3, UAR, France) over 8 months. Control mice had a carbonyl iron-free diet. Under these experimental conditions, liver iron concentration was on average 13.8-fold higher than the control value (158.2 μmol of iron/g of dry weight liver versus 11.5 μmol, respectively). Hepatocytes were isolated by a two-step collagenase perfusion procedure from normal male Sprague-Dawley rats or C57BL6 mice. Hepatocytes were seeded in a mixture of 75% minimum essential medium (MEM) and 25% medium 199, supplemented with 10% FCS and per ml: 100 IU of penicillin, 50 μg of streptomycin sulfate, 1 mg of bovine serum albumin, and 5 μg of bovine insulin. Four hours later, the medium was renewed with the same medium deprived of FCS and supplemented with 1 × 10−6m hydrocortisone hemisuccinate. It was changed every day thereafter. Rat hepatoma cell lines FAZA and HTC were grown in a mixture of 50% Ham's F-12 and 50% NCTC135 and in DMEM, respectively, supplemented with 10% FCS. Human osteosarcoma cells U-2OS were maintained in William's E medium containing 10% FCS. The human hepatoma cell lines HepG2, Hep3B, HuH-7, and PLC/PRF/5 were grown in a mixture of MEM (75%) and M199 (25%) supplemented with 10% FCS and 100 IU/ml penicillin, 50 μg/ml streptomycin sulfate, 1 mg/ml bovine serum albumin, 5 μg/ml bovine insulin, and 5 × 10−7m hydrocortisone hemisuccinate. Total RNA was extracted by the guanidine thiocyanate method following sedimentation through a cesium chloride cushion or using the SV total RNA isolation system (Promega, Charbonnières, France). 10–20 μg of RNA was separated by electrophoresis through 1.2% agarose gel in 2.2m formaldehyde, 20 mm MOPS (pH 7.0), 10 mm sodium acetate, 1 mm EDTA and transferred onto a nylon membrane (Hybond N+, Amersham Biosciences) by capillary blotting. Hybridization was carried out in the presence of32P-labeled cDNA probe. The equivalence of RNA loading was assessed by ethidium bromide staining and/or hybridization with a glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase cDNA probe. Mouse hepcidin cDNA probe was prepared as described previously (7Pigeon C. Ilyin G. Courselaud B. Leroyer P. Turlin B. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7811-7819Google Scholar). cDNAs encoding rat and human hepcidin were generated by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) from reverse-transcribed rat liver and human hepatoma HepG2 mRNAs, respectively. Obtained PCR products were cloned in pCRII-TOPO vector (InVitrogen, NV Leek, The Netherlands) and sequenced. The cloned fragments were then released by EcoRI digestion and used as probes for Northern blot analysis. Rat α-fetoprotein (AFP) probe was obtained from J. Kruh. The mouse C/EBPα and HNF4α cDNA probes were generated as described in Refs. 19Lee Y.H. Sauer B. Johnson P.F. Gonzalez F.J. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1997; 17: 6014-6022Google Scholar and 21Hayhurst G.P. Lee Y.H. Lambert G. Ward J.M. Gonzalez F.J. Mol. Cell. Biol. 2001; 21: 1393-1403Google Scholar, respectively. Mouse ApoC-III probe was amplified from mouse liver cDNAs using gene-specific primers and cloned in pCRII-TOPO vector and sequenced. Total RNA extraction was carried out from normal human liver and HuH-7, HepG2, and U-2OS cells using the SV total RNA isolation system (Promega), and cDNA first-strand synthesis was performed with the Advantage RT-for-PCR kit (Clontech, Palo Alto, CA). Primers and probes were designed with the assistance of Primer Express Software (PE Biosystems). The following probes were used to detect human HEPC and β-actin amplification products: 5′-FAM-CTGCGGCTGCTGTCATCGATCAA-TAMRA-3′ and 5′-FAM-ATGGGACGACATGGAGAAAATCTGGC-TAMRA-3′, respectively. The relative expression of HEPC in the different samples was determined by standardization to its expression in U-2OS cells (which exhibits the lowest level of HEPC expression) using a two-step calculation method. First, for each sample, Ctactin value was subtracted from the corresponding CtHEPC. Then, these normalized values were used to calculate relative level of HEPC expression as follows: HEPC expression ratio(sample/U2OS) = 2ΔCtwhere ΔCt = (CtU2OS − Ctsample). The HEPC expression level in U-2OS cells was used as a reference and was set as 1-fold expression. All quantitative real-time PCR assays were performed in triplicate in 96-well microplates using qPCR™ Core reagent kit (Eurogentec, Seraing, Belgium) and ABI PRISM 7700 Sequence Detection System (PE Biosystems). For each microplate the reactions contained target cDNAs, two standard curves (prepared from human liver), and two negative controls: no-template control (sterile water) and no-amplification control (omitting the RT step). The liver sample was obtained from a patient who underwent hepatic surgery for a liver metastasis of colonic adenocarcinoma. A sample of non-tumoral area of the liver was immediately frozen in liquid nitrogen and stored at −80° before use. Surgical procedures and collection of liver samples were performed under informed consent and in compliance with French law and regulations. Liver tissue lysates were prepared as follows: minced liver samples were lysed in a buffer containing 50 mm HEPES, pH 7.5, 150 mm NaCl, 1 mmEDTA, 5 mm EGTA, 0,1% Tween 20, 10% glycerol, 0.1 mm phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride, and 1× protease inhibitor mixture (Roche Diagnostics, Meylan, France). Protein concentrations were determined by Bio-Rad protein assay. Total cellular proteins (100 μg/lane) were resolved by SDS-PAGE, transferred to nitrocellulose membrane (Amersham Biosciences), incubated with blocking buffer (3% bovine serum albumin in Tris-buffered saline). Rabbit polyclonal anti-C/EBPα antibody was a gift from G. Darlington (Baylor College of Medicine, Houston). Following incubation with peroxidase-conjugated goat anti-rabbit immunoglobulins (DAKO, Denmark) as second antibodies, peroxidase activity was detected by enhanced chemiluminescence according to the manufacturer's instructions (Amersham Biosciences). 950- and 624-bp nucleotide fragments of the 5′-flanking genomic region of the human HEPC gene were obtained from human genomic DNA (Clontech) by PCR amplification using the following forward primers: 5′-GGCTCGAGGTACTCATCGGACTGTAGATGTTAGC-3′ and 5′-GGCTCGAGCTGTGCTGGGCCATATTACTGCTGTC-3′, respectively, and the reverse primer: 5′-GGAAGCTTGTGACAGTCGCTTTTATGGGGCCTGC-3′ (the incorporated XhoI and HindIII sites are underlined). PCR fragments were digested withXhoI-HindIII and were inserted into the same sites of the promoter-less luciferase reporter vector pGL3-Basic (Promega). These were designated pHEPC−960/−9 and pHEPC−633/−9. Constructs containing 5′-deletions of the human HEPCpromoter (pHEPC−327/−9, −275/−9, −223/−9, and −108/−9) were generated by PCR using pHEPC−633/−9 as template and specific primers containing XhoI and HindIII restriction sites. After digestion with XhoI-HindIII, PCR fragments were cloned in the pGL3-Basic vector. A 789-bp nucleotide fragment of the 5′-flanking genomic region of the mouse HEPC1 gene were obtained from mouse genomic DNA (Clontech) by PCR amplification using the forward primers: 5′-GCGCTCGAGGAATACATCGTCAAGCCAGAC-3′ and the reverse primer: 5′-GCGAAGCTTGTGTGGTGGCTGTCTAGGAGC-3′ (the incorporated XhoI and HindIII sites are underlined). The PCR fragment was digested withXhoI-HindIII and was inserted into the pGL3-Basic vector. The obtained construct was designated pmHEPC−783/+5. Similar to human HEPC promoter constructs, 5′-deletions of mouseHEPC1 promoter (pmHEPC−554/+5, −338/+5, and −267/+5) were generated by PCR. Details of constructs are available upon request. All constructs were verified by DNA sequencing. Searches for transcription factor binding sites was performed using MatInspector (24Quandt K. Frech K. Karas H. Wingender E. Werner T. Nucleic Acids Res. 1995; 23: 4878-4884Google Scholar). U-2OS or HuH-7 cells were seeded in 35-mm-diameter dishes and grown to 50–70% confluency. Cells were transiently transfected with 1.5 μg of promoter-less pGL3-Basic vector or positive control pGL3-Promoter vector or constructs containing 5′-flanking regions of the HEPC gene and 0.5 μg of C/EBPα, C/EBPβ, HNF4α expression plasmids, or empty vector. The pEGFP-C3 vector encoding green fluorescent protein (GFP) used as a co-transfectant (0.5 μg per dish) was served as the control for transfection efficiency. Transfections were performed using liposome-based transfection reagent Lipofectin (Invitrogen). Cells were maintained in the presence of transfection reagent in Opti-MEM (Invitrogen) for 16 h and then switched to growth medium. In all cases, the transfection efficiency was at least 10–15%. Primary mouse hepatocytes were transfected 24 h after seeding using GB12 reagent as previously described (25Gilot D. Miramon M.L. Benvegnu T. Ferrieres V. Loreal O. Guguen-Guillouzo C. Plusquellec D. Loyer P. J. Gene Med. 2002; 4: 415-427Google Scholar). The following expression plasmids were used for co-transfection: pCMV-C/EBPα and pCMV-NF-IL6 encoding C/EBPα and C/EBPβ, respectively (kindly provided by G. Darlington, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston) and a HNF4α expression vector pSG5/rHNF4. 42 or 30 h after transfection of cell lines or primary mouse hepatocytes, respectively, cells were lysed in luciferase cell culture lysis reagent (Promega), and cellular extracts were analyzed for luciferase activity by liquid scintillation counting using the Luciferase assay system from Promega. The luciferase activity was expressed as cpm/μg of cellular protein. Rat liver nuclear extracts were prepared according to the procedure of Gorskiet al. (26Gorski K. Carneiro M. Schibler U. Cell. 1986; 47: 767-776Google Scholar). To prepare double-stranded oligonucleotide probes, equal amounts of complementary single-stranded DNA were heated to 85 °C for 5 min in a buffer containing 50 mm Tris, pH 7.5, 1 mm spermidine, 10 mm MgCl2,5 mm dithiothreitol solution and then allowed to cool to room temperature. The following double-stranded oligonucleotides were used as probes in EMSA: the wild type C/EBP consensus sequence element as described in Ryden and Beemon (27Ryden T.A. Beemon K. Mol. Cell. Biol. 1989; 9: 1155-1164Google Scholar) was used as a reference probe: 5′-CTAGGGCTTGCGCAATCTATATTCG-3′ and 3′-GATCCCGAACGCGTTAGATATAAGC-5′. The mutant form of the C/EBP consensus sequence element: 5′-CTAGGGCTTGCTACCCCTATATTCG-3′ and 3′-GATCCCGAACGATGGGGATATAAGC-5′. The oligonucleotide probe encompassing first putative C/EBP binding site in 5′-flanking region of the human HEPC gene, HEPC(−300/−280): 5′-CTTAACCGCTGAAGCAAAAGGGGGA-3′ and 3′-TGGCGACTTCGTTTTCCCCCTTGAA-5′. Second putative C/EBP binding site, HEPC(−250/−230): 5′-CATCGTGATGGGGAAAGGGCTCCCC-3′ and 3′-CACTACCCCTTTCCCGAGGGGTCTA-5′, and third putative C/EBP binding site, HEPC(−92/−72): 5′-CACCACCTTCTTGGAAATGAGACAG-3′ and 3′-TGGAAGAACCTTTACTCTGTCTCGT-5′. Double-stranded C/EBP wild type and mutant oligonucleotides were purchased from Geneka Biotechnology (Montréal, Canada). The single-stranded oligonucleotides, which contain the putative C/EBP binding site in the 5′-flanking region of the HEPC gene, were from InVitrogen. Oligonucleotide probes were labeled with [γ-32P]ATP and T4 polynucleotide kinase (Amersham Biosciences). Binding reactions were performed in 24 μl of binding buffer containing 6 μg of rat liver nuclear extract and 100 × 103 cpm of labeled oligonucleotide probe. The reaction mixture was incubated at 4 °C for 20 min and then was loaded onto a 6% nondenaturating polyacrylamide gel. The electrophoresis was run in 0.5× Tris-Boric acid electrophoresis buffer. For competition experiments, cold competitors were included in the binding mixture before adding the nuclear extract. For supershift experiments, nuclear extracts were preincubated with the antibody to C/EBPα or C/EBPβ (Geneka Biotechnology) for 20 min at 4 °C. Livers from 2-month-old liver-specific C/EBPα-null and control mice were fixed in 10% neutral buffered formalin and embedded in paraffin. Then, sections cut at a thickness of 5 μm were mounted on the slides. Iron staining was performed using Accustain iron stain kit (Sigma). Results were expressed as mean ± S.D. Student's t test was used for estimation of statistical significance (p < 0.01 was considered as significant). Expression of theHEPC gene was analyzed during rat liver development from day 14.5 of embryonic age. HEPC transcripts were undetectable in 14.5- and 16.5-day fetal liver, appeared at 18.5 day of embryonic age, was very strongly induced shortly after birth, and then abruptly ceased from the third day of postnatal period. Then, amounts of HEPC mRNA began to accumulate from 28th day after the birth, reaching the highest levels in adult liver (Fig. 1 A). In parallel, expression of AFP, a well known liver-specific developmentally regulated gene, was studied. AFP transcripts were highly expressed in fetal and perinatal liver and abruptly shut off after 15 days, in accordance to previous studies (28Panduro A. Shalaby F. Shafritz D.A. Genes Dev. 1987; 1: 1172-1182Google Scholar). These observations, along with our previous analysis of HEPC expression (7Pigeon C. Ilyin G. Courselaud B. Leroyer P. Turlin B. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7811-7819Google Scholar), suggested that this gene is liver-specific and its expression is related to the fully differentiated hepatocyte. To confirm this issue, we analyzed levels of HEPC transcripts by Northern blotting in normal hepatocytes and in a set of rat and human liver-derived cell lines. In accordance with our previous data on mice hepatocytes (7Pigeon C. Ilyin G. Courselaud B. Leroyer P. Turlin B. Brissot P. Loreal O. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 7811-7819Google Scholar), freshly isolated rat hepatocytes contained higher amounts of HEPC transcripts in comparison with 48-h-old cultures (Fig. 1 B). Furthermore, HEPC mRNAs could not be detected in rat hepatoma cell lines HTC and FAZA after a 2-week exposure. The survey of four human hepatoma cell lines (HepG2, Hep3B, HuH-7, and PLC/PRF/5) for hepcidin expression by Northern blotting revealed a hybridization signal in HuH-7 and HepG2 cells following a 1-week exposure time. In contrast, HEPC transcripts from normal human liver were clearly detectable as early as 2 h after autoradiography (data not shown). In order to assess more accurately the relative level of hepcidin expression in adult liver in comparison to HuH-7 and HepG2 hepatoma cells and non-hepatic U-2OS cell line, we performed quantitative real-time RT-PCR assays. Expression of the HEPCgene in adult human liver was found to be 142 times stronger than in HuH-7 hepatoma cells. (Fig. 1 C). To understand molecular mechanisms that confer liver specificity and are involved in transcriptional regulation of hepcidin during development and iron overload, we isolated and characterized the 5′-flanking region of the human HEPC gene and analyzed its promoter activity. Analysis of genomic sequence data of human clones R30879 and F24108 (GenBankTM accession numbers AD000684 and AC002132, respectively) allowed us to map theHEPC gene to chromosome 19, band q13.1 between theUSF2 gene and the MAG gene encoding myelin-associated glycoprotein precursor (Fig.2). Interestingly, two liver-specific genes LISCH7 and C/EBPα are also mapped to 19q13.1. In particular, the LISCH7 gene is located immediately upstream of the USF2 gene. A 950-bp 5′-flanking genomic fragment of the human HEPC gene was cloned in the pGL3-Basic vector, sequenced, and analyzed using bioinformatic tools for the presence of potential transcription factor binding sites. This region contains a sequence with a TATA box homology. Among a number of putative response elements, we found binding sites for the liver-enriched transcription factor HNF-4 (−75 to −62 and −602 to −589 from the predicted translation start site) and for members of C/EBP family (−249 to −236, −298 to −285 and −90 to −77) (Fig. 3). The proximal putative C/EBP binding site TTCTTGGAAATGA overlaps with the STAT consensus binding site TTCNNNGAA. Sequence analysis of a 789-bp nucleotide fragment of the 5′-flanking genomic region of the mouse HEPC1 gene revealed that, similarly to human HEPC promoter, it contains at least three putative binding sites for the C/EBP family of transcription factors, including the proximal C/EBP binding site that overlaps with the STAT site and a sequence related to the HNF4 binding site (data not shown). Two reporter vectors, pHEPC-960/−9 and pHEPC−633/−9, containing respectively 950-bp and 624-bp nucleotide fragments of the human HEPC 5′-flanking genomic region fused to a luciferase reporter gene were tested for transcriptional activity in human hepatoma cell line HuH-7 and non-hepatic osteosarcoma U-2OS cells. Promoter-less pGL3-Basic vector and pGL3-Promoter vector containing SV40 promoter upstream of the luciferase gene were used as negative and positive control, respectively. Transfection of reporter vector containing 950 bp of the HEPC 5′-flanking region (pHEPC−960/−9) resulted in high luciferase activity in HuH-7 cells whereas the promoter activity was very low in non-hepatic U-2OS cells. Likewise, the truncated 624-bp HEPCpromoter construct exhibited a very low luciferase activity in U-2OS cells; however, in HuH-7 cells it was even more active than the 950-bp construct (Fig. 4 A) suggesting that the region between −9

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(28/38)
TITLE: Fungal endophytes of grasses: hybrids rescued by vertical transmission? An evolutionary perspective
ABSTRACT: Neotyphodium species are asexual ascomycetes growing as endophytes in cool-season grasses (Poaceae). They do not induce symptoms, and sporulate sparsely or not at all on their hosts; they are vertically transmitted through plant seeds (Fig. 1; cycle A). Neotyphodium spp. constitute fascinating symbiotic models offering various benefits to the host plants. In addition to accumulating toxic alkaloids (Bush et al., 1997) protecting against grazers and herbivorous insects (Omacini et al., 2001; Clay et al., 2005), Neotyphodium spp. also improve plant mineral nutrition (Lyons et al., 1990), tolerance to water-deficit stress (Elmi & West, 1995) and toxic soil compounds (Monnet et al., 2001; reviewed by Clay & Schardl, 2002). This symbiosis profoundly affects ecological performances of host plants and trophic webs, for example phytophagous insects (Omacini et al., 2001) or litter-degradation microbes (Lemons et al., 2005). Costs entailed in American and Australian pastures by endophytes of tall fescue (Lolium arundinaceum = Festuca arundinacea), that strongly reduce livestock performance, have been largely popularized (Ball et al., 1993). Several recent studies suggest that a continuum between purely mutualistic and pathogenic (i.e. detrimental to the host plant) associations might exist (Faeth & Sullivan, 2003; Müller & Kraus, 2005). An intriguing feature is the genomic origin of Neotyphodium endophytes. They are most often hybrids between pathogenic fungal species, and some have even undergone at least two successive hybridization events (Moon et al., 2004). Here, we focus on this unexpected evolutionary origin of Neotyphodium spp. We (1) briefly summarize evidence that they are often hybrids between pathogenic fungal species; (2) propose new explanations accounting for the unexpectedly high frequency of hybrids among the asexual Neotyphodium endophytes; and (3) tentatively describe a biological scenario where such hybridizations could occur. Our model emphasizes the role and consequences of hybridization in fungal evolution, and may apply to a much wider range of fungi. Epichloë spp. can reproduce asexually by invading their host's seeds (A), through a sexual cycle where ascospores are formed (B) on a stroma or 'choke' (inset picture) that destroys the inflorescence, and more rarely through asexual spores (C). Transmission is thus vertical (A) or horizontal (B, C). Neotyphodium species, endophytes derived from Epichloë spp., mostly carry out asexual reproduction through seeds (A), resulting in a dominant or exclusive vertical transmission. Conceivably, rare horizontal transmission could occur via asexual spores (C), but has never been demonstrated. Neotyphodium is a form genus representing the mitotic state of ascomycetes related to the Clavicipitaceae, an order including the ergot fungus Claviceps purpurea. Strictly asexual Neotyphodium spp. arose repeatedly from the sexual genus Epichloë, which causes 'choke' disease of grasses (Moon et al., 2004; Gentile et al., 2005). Epichloë spp. colonize grass tissues biotrophically (Fig. 1). Their sexual stage arrests development of the plant inflorescence (White et al., 1991) by producing a 'choke', namely a stroma surrounding the arrested inflorescence. Haploid conidia acting as male gametes are produced by the young stroma, but heterothallism does not allow any selfing. Following reception of compatible conidia from another thallus, plasmogamy takes place in the stroma, followed by formation of mature fruiting structures (perithecia) containing sacs (asci) of meiotic spores. These ascospores are forcibly ejected to infect new host plants (horizontal transmission, Fig. 1, cycle B). Conceivably, conidia formed on stromata or the epiphytic hyphae sometimes observed (White et al., 1996) might very rarely allow an asexual horizontal transmission (Fig. 1, cycle C). Depending on the host–fungus combination, stromata may occur on all inflorescences (thus annihilating seed production), or on a limited number of tillers, allowing some seed production (Pan & Clay, 2002). In the latter case, vertical transmission usually occurs as well, since fungal hyphae invade the seeds (Fig. 1, cycle A). At the opposite extreme, asexual Neotyphodium spp. cause little or (typically) no choke, and mostly transmit vertically through seeds and stolons (Fig. 1, cycle A). They thus do not cause symptoms and are nonpathogenic. Phylogenetic analyses of the genes tub2 (for beta-tubulin), act1 (for actin) and tef1 (for transcription elongation factor 1-alpha) have revealed an unexpected feature: most asexual Neotyphodium spp. display several gene copies with different phylogenetic origins among Epichloë spp. (Craven et al., 2001; Moon et al., 2004; Gentile et al., 2005; Fig. 2). They thus are interspecific polyploids (= allopolyploids) arising from two parental Epichloë spp., or more. From the 59 endophytes isolated by Moon et al. (2004) and Gentile et al. (2005), 44 were hybrids. In some Neotyphodium spp., different numbers of gene copies of divergent origin are found from one locus to another, indicating that the hybrids subsequently lost some redundant gene copies. Hybrid origin and heteroploidy (polyploidy and aneuploidy) have been confirmed in many endophytes by allozyme studies (Leuchtmann & Clay, 1990), amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) studies (Tredway et al., 1999) and microsatellite analysis (Moon et al., 2004). Evolutionary dynamic of the Neotyphodium–Epichloë complex. Asexual Neotyphodium can arise directly from haploid Epichloë strains (on the left). Other asexual Neotyphodium spp. are hybrids that can be converted into heteroploids (= aneuploids); the diagram depicts a possible scenario for their origin (on the right). Up to now, hybridization has been suggested to occur in strains that would have first lost the ability to form stromata and thus transmit vertically and asexually. Hybrids would be secondarily selected for several reasons (Moon et al., 2002, 2004). First, hybridization would help mask or reverse effects of Muller's ratchet, that is, the irreversible accumulation of deleterious mutations that cannot be purged by recombination in clonal species. However, many biotrophic or pathogenic asexual ascomycetes are not hybrids, demonstrating that parasitic fungi can survive asexually, without hybridization (Taylor et al., 1999). Second, hybridization allows accumulation of genes for alkaloid production, a defence that improves the host's fitness and, owing to vertical transmission, the fungal fitness itself. Actually, more toxins or higher toxin levels improve the deterrent or toxic effect on herbivores (Wilkinson et al., 2000; Tanaka et al., 2005). However, the occurrence of true haploid strains among Neotyphodium spp. (Brem & Leuchtmann, 2003; Moon et al., 2002) suggests that hybridization is not necessary for emergence and survival of vertically transmitted, mutualistic endophytes. We do not ignore the fact that hybridization contributes to evolution of fungi and symbiosis. However, we suggest that answering the reverse question (next) provides a more convincing explanation of the apparent correlation between hybridization and mutualism + vertical transmission. Because interspecific hybrids with such features obviously have better fitness! Hybrids are both male- and female-infertile (Moon et al., 2004) and cannot produce ascospores (Schardl & Leuchtmann, 1999), perhaps because correct chromosome pairing for meiosis is not possible as a result of heteroploidy (Fig. 1, cycle B). If a hybrid still produces stromata, it can neither produce ascospores nor survive through seeds because of arrested development of the inflorescence. Since there is no evidence that conidia from stromata can infect new hosts, it does not reproduce. Any chromosome doubling to restore meiotic fertility would be useless, since diploid vegetative nuclei are unstable in ascomycetes (leading to the parasexual cycle, see later). Investment in stroma formation is thus counter-selected, as it decreases the fungal fitness. In other words, inability to form stromata is an evolutionarily stable strategy for hybrids. Once strict vertical transmission is achieved, the two partners' fitnesses are linked, that is (1) any increase of the plant fitness (stolon and/or seed production) in turn increases the fungal fitness, and (2) once the fungus is beneficial to its host, any increase of the fungal fitness also profits the plant. Selection for mutualism by vertical transmission has been already discussed (Ewald, 1987). The very diverse positive effects of Neotyphodium spp. on hosts reported so far, ranging from growth traits to nutrition and protection (already discussed), can be viewed as evolutionary 'bricolages', recruiting any mechanism to increase plant fitness. Recent works, mostly in Festuca arizonica, suggest that some seed-transmitted Neotyphodium spp. might not be mutualistic. Several differences between partners might account for this. (1) It is conceivable that horizontal transmission can occur owing to conidia formation on vegetative hyphae (White et al., 2001; Fig. 1, cycle C), although such a transmission route is far from demonstrated in Neotyphodium spp. (Latch & Christensen, 1985). (2) Whereas the fungal fitness directly depends on seeds (and thus, ovule) production, the fitness of plant genes depends on both ovule and pollen production (Faeth, 2002); pollen production diverts resources from ovule production and therefore from fungal reproduction. These two factors (1) and (2) can subtly dissociate host and fungal fitness. (3) Plant sexual reproduction leads to new allele combinations at each generation, whereas the asexual fungal genome remains identical; changing genome of each partner at each generation might limit the evolution of mutualism (Faeth et al., 2004). Therefore, although many Neotyphodium endophytes are mutualistic (Fig. 2), antagonism can be selected. Our scenario (hybridization followed by selection for vertical transmission and mutualism) is not the only one leading to asexual Neotyphodium spp., but explains why all hybrids are asymptomatic and often mutualistic. Some haploid, apparently nonhybrid strains also occur among mutualistic, vertically transmitted Neotyphodium spp. (Moon et al., 2002), so that direct selection from haploid Epichloë spp. can occur (Fig. 2). For example, Neotyphodium lolii is clearly a derivative of Epichloë festucae, as indicated by multigene phylogenetic analyses (Moon et al., 2004). Might cryptic hybrids exist among these 'haploid'Neotyphodium spp.? Indeed, heteroploid hybrids might undergo a progressive loss of chromosomes (or chromosome fragments) by drift, to eventually produce haploid nuclei – at this step, chromosome loss is counter-selected since there is no more genetic redundancy. This is the parasexual cycle described within ascomycete species by Pontecorvo (1956) and recently rediscovered in the human pathogenic ascomycete Candida albicans (Bennett & Johnson, 2003): haploid nuclei are produced after a vegetative karyogamy, via transient aneuploid states. If interspecific hybrids of Epichloë spp. subsequently haploidize, how can such secondary haploids be identified? Indirect controls of ploidy might exist: in hybrids, hyphae still produce conidia (Fig. 1, cycle C) whose size is larger than that of conidia from true haploid strains (Kuldau et al., 1999; Craven et al., 2001). Molecular markers provide easier testing methods; however, the probability that such haploids would go undetected can be calculated as follows. During gene loss, the probability of retaining the gene copy from a given parent for a given locus is 0.5, assuming random loss. For n genetically independent loci, the probability of looking exactly as one parent is thus 0.5n. As there are two parents, the probability, P, of looking genetically identical to one of them at n loci is thus P = 2 × 0.5n = 0.5n−1. If we assume no interchromosomic recombination, then each chromosome behaves as a single locus and, since Epichloë species tend to have five or six chromosomes (Kuldau et al., 1999), P is at best 6.25%. If interchromosomic recombination occurs, as in true parasexual cycle, then all markers behave independently and P is 25% for three loci and only 0.1024% for 10 loci. This risk is underestimated if there is little polymorphism between the two ancestral species, but so far, Epichloë species have been readily distinguishable by molecular polymorphism. Several loci are thus required to assess that an apparently haploid strain is not a secondarily haploidized hybrid. Typical analyses of Epichloë and Neotyphodium genotypes involve two or three sequenced loci, plus at least three and as many as eight multisatellite or isozyme loci (Schardl et al., 1994; Moon et al., 2004). It is remarkable that, despite the large number of interspecific heteroploid hybrids detected to date, there has never been any evidence of a haploidized hybrid. We can conclude either that haploidization rarely occurs, or that it involves selective loss of genetic material from one parent only. So, why are there so many hybrids among seed-transmitted Neotyphodium endophytes? Our scenario also predicts why hybrids predominate, although hybridization is not a parsimonious mechanism. Haploid endophytes directly evolved from Epichloe spp. might revert to form stromata and transmit horizontally (Fig. 2) because their euploidy allows meiosis and ascospore formation. Conversely, hybrids cannot, because they are heteroploid, and are thus more stable as vertically transmitted endophytes. Finally, as previously mentioned, hybrids produce more diverse and abundant alkaloids than sexual species, most of which produce low or undetectable amounts of alkaloids (Leuchtmann et al., 2000). Confined to a vertical transmission, hybrids can thus profit their hosts, and improve their host's fitness more easily than haploid endophytes. Does hybridization occur at the fungal vegetative state or during mating? Vegetative hybridization would involve hyphal fusion followed by nuclear fusion during endophytic growth. By contrast, sexual hybridization would first require exchange of conidia between stromata. For sexual Epichloë spp., flies of the genus Botanophila generally mediate this exchange. These flies are not strictly specific (Bultman & Leuchtmann, 2003), and may sometimes facilitate illegitimate interspecific matings, but this rarely if ever leads to ascospore production (Schardl & Leuchtmann, 1999). It is unknown whether such matings abort before or after formation of a diploid nucleus. Even if a diploid hybrid nucleus forms, it is unclear how to convert the diploid cell (that usually undergoes meiosis; Fig. 1) into a vegetative hypha. Out of a very large number of experimental mating attempts between all described Epichloë species, only one generated hybrids (Schardl & Leuchtmann, 1999). Furthermore, these sexual hybrids did not produce heteroploid Neotyphodium spp. because the progeny were haploid recombinants, and they had to be rescued from the stroma since ascospores did not eject (Schardl & Leuchtmann, 1999). Sexual hybridization between different Epichloë spp. thus appears problematic. A more likely scenario for hybrid origin is a vegetative nuclear fusion between two Epichloë spp. growing within a single host. Hyphal fusion is common among ascomycetes (Glass et al., 2004) including Epichloë spp. (Christensen et al., 2000). Hyphal fusions can lead to a heterokaryotic condition, whereby the two parental nuclei coexist in the same hypha. Although vegetative incompatibility barriers make heterokaryons between distantly related strains or different species unlikely in most ascomycetes, experimental evidence supports the ability of different Epichloë species to form heterokaryons, at least in culture (Chung et al., 1997). A vegetative event is further supported by the fact that some hybrids have three, not just two, parents (Moon et al., 2004), that is, one of the ancestors was already a hybrid. Considering that no hybrid has been observed to be male fertile (in test matings to their ancestral species) or to produce stromata (a prerequisite for female fertility), it is very unlikely that a hybrid could generate sexual hybrids. It follows that such an event must have occurred vegetatively, on a plant harbouring a hybrid that was super-infected by a second Epichloë species, likely via ascospore (Fig. 1). Whether such super-infections favour hybridization needs to be experimentally tested. Coinfection of individual plants with two endophyte species has been achieved experimentally, but competitive exclusion in tillers tends to eliminate one or the other (Wille et al., 1999; Christensen et al., 2000). Therefore, hybridization events must occur shortly after coinfection or in rare instances of long-term coinfection. The former scenario seems more likely, since no naturally occurring grass plants simultaneously bearing two species of the Neotyphodium/Epichloë complex were observed. An intriguing observation is that many hybrids live in grass species that are quite distantly related to all of their parents' known hosts (Chung et al., 1997; Moon et al., 2004; Gentile et al., 2005). Furthermore, endophytes can cause a defence response if introduced into nonhost species, sometimes leading to spontaneous endophyte extinction after inoculation (Koga et al., 1993; Christensen, 1995; Christensen et al., 2000). To account for these observations, we propose that most hybridizations occur soon after a rare event of dual colonization of an 'unusual' host (i.e. a novel host) species (Fig. 2) by the two parental strains. Maladaptation of parental strains to that host could reduce competition and thus allow coexistence, hyphal fusion and survival of the resulting hybrid. Hybrids may be more fit and finally competitively exclude parental strains. Indeed, a 'genomic shock', including a transposon burst and new genetic regulations, arises when genomes of different species coexist in allopolyploids (Comai et al., 2003), producing new phenotypes (Osborn et al., 2003). Such changes make hybrids a good substrate for selection of genetic combinations more adapted to the unusual host. Indeed, a simple meiosis was shown to modify epistasis between genes and reveal new host compatibilities in offspring compared with their parents (Chung et al., 1997). Moreover, living on an unusual host might also impede the parents from forming stromata, allow seed formation and select for vertical transmission of the hybrid. An intriguing variation on this scenario is that an endophyte might actually colonize a new host by vertical transmission. Interspecific hybridization is a common and dramatic evolutionary process in plants that occurs very commonly under the form of allopolyploidy in grasses (Gaut, 2002; Levy & Feldman, 2002). Such a situation might challenge the survival of endophytes issuing from the mother species by vertical transmission. Superinfection by horizontally transmitted ascospores from another Epichloë species may then allow hybridization and formation of a new genomic combination more adapted to the 'new' host: the likelihood and role of this process await further experimental testing but may account for several observations. For example, the hexaploid grass Lolium arundinaceum is a hybrid of Lolium pratense (= Festuca pratense) and a tetraploid L. arundinaceum, but the endophytes of L. pratense and L. arundinaceum are unstable in each other's host (Christensen, 1995). Thus, it is particularly fascinating that: (1) ancestors of Neotyphodium coenophialum, a hybrid common on L. arundinaceum, has genomes closely related to those of hybrid and non-hybrid endophytes in related Lolium and Festuca spp.; and (2), conversely, the polyploid series of grasses related to L. arundinaceum hosts many different hybrid species of endophyte (Tsai et al., 1994; C. L. Schardl, unpublished). It should also be noted that host hybridization is the only way for hybrid Neotyphodium to colonize a 'new' host (if it transfers strictly vertically) and thus, the exclusive way to undergo secondary hybridization. To summarize, hybrids might be selected as a way of evolving greater compatibility with an unusual host plant. Whatever the scenario, experimental coinoculations could test for hybrid formation and competition with parental strains on host and nonhost grass species, to better understand the origins of hybrid Neotyphodium spp. We suggest evolutionary trajectories (Fig. 2) that account for the emergence of hybrid Neotyphodium spp. and await experimental tests. A genomic shock of hybridization on plants that are unusual hosts for the parental species provides raw material from which adaptation to the new host can arise, while meiotic sterility selects for vertical transmission and therefore mutualism. Is this evolution only relevant for clavicipitaceous endophytes of cool-season grasses? We feel that it might be only the tip of an iceberg. First, many endophytic fungi play important physiological roles for their hosts (Arnold et al., 2003), and their diversity is overlooked (Arnold et al., 2000). Several well-known fungi previously considered as saprophytes were recently reported as asymptomatic endophytes, such as Xylariaceae (Davis et al., 2003) or the Helotiales Tricladium and Tetracladium spp. (Abadie et al., 2006). Second, in many saprobic and pathogenic species, asymptomatic endophytism may result from genetic or phenotypic plasticity (Schulz & Boyle, 2005). For example, a single mutation can convert a pathogenic strain of Colletotrichum magna into an endophytic, protective mutualist (Freeman & Rodriguez, 1993). Conversely, a single mutation can change a mutualistic Neotyphodium strain into a pathogen (Tanaka et al., 2006). Endophytic mutualists may thus often reversibly arise from pathogens. How many of these endophytes are vertically transmitted? Does hybridization contribute to the rise of vertically transmitted fungal variants, by destroying the usual ways of sporulation? Does vertical transmission of these endophytes favour selection of mutualistic relationships? Further studies may clarify to what extent Neotyphodium endophytes from cool-season grasses provide a general model for endophytism evolution among fungi. To A. Leuchtmann and two anonymous referees for comments on earlier versions of this paper.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(29/38)
TITLE: Cyt‐Geist: Current and Future Challenges in Cytometry: Reports of the CYTO 2018 Conference Workshops
ABSTRACT: Introduction: Cyt-Geist: Current and Future Challenges in Cytometry 601 Chapter 01: Trends 601 Chapter 01 Introduction 601 WS18: Flow Cytometry Trends and Drivers 601 WS06: Cytometry in the Era of the Human Cell Atlas 000 WS07: CYTO Lab Hacks: Inspiring Innovation in Cytometry Through Open Collaboration 605 WS15: The Status and Future of Microbiome Flow Cytometry 607 Chapter 01 Trends Conclusion 610 Chapter 02: Shared Resource Laboratory (SRL) Best Practices 610 Chapter 02 Introduction 610 WS01: Balancing Science and Service in a Shared Resource Laboratory (SRL) 611 WS02: A Successful Imaging Flow Cytometry Facility: Guidelines for Management and Publication 613 WS05: Identification of Areas Where Software Tools Can Contribute to the Successful Operation of a Shared Resource Laboratory (SRL) 617 WS10: Best Practices for Development and Implementation of a CyTOF Core 619 Chapter 02 Conclusion 621 Chapter 03: Quality Assurance and Reproducibility 622 Chapter 03 Introduction 622 WS03: Dr. Reproducibility or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Validation. 622 WS09: Control Cells or Not 000 WS13: Building Measurement Assurance in Flow Cytometry 626 WS11: Flow Cytometry Application in Multi-Center Global Clinical Studies: The Importance of Standardization and Harmonization 630 Chapter 03 Conclusion 632 Chapter 04: Technology 632 Chapter 4 Introduction 632 WS12: Inducible Biomarkers 632 WS14: Phototoxicity in Live Fluorescence Imaging—Understanding, Quantifying and Minimizing It 634 WS08: Aptamers in Cytometry 637 WS16: Therapeutic Cell Sorting 638 Chapter 04 Conclusion 641 Final Conclusions 641 References 641 Organized by the International Society for Advancement of Cytometry (ISAC), the CYTO conference is one of the most important events for everyone interested in cytometry and quantitative single cell analysis. It is an annual assembly of cytometry experts as well as novices in this field—all having one common denominator—passion for cytometry. This meeting is not only unique possibility to learn new, exciting cutting-edge research directly from the source by attending the Frontiers and the State-Of-The-Art lectures, research, and technology sessions, or Tutorials. CYTO conferences are also the best possible live forum to discuss current and emerging challenges in cytometry associated sciences at the utmost interactive CYTO formats—the Workshops. The Workshops attract a lot of attention within and outside the cytometry community as they generally discuss where we stand in specific fields of interest, how problems can be addressed and solved, and what are the future development areas and demands. Due to limited time frame allocated to this format; however, the workshops are run in parallel so sometimes attendees cannot participate in all the workshops of their interest. Moreover, those who could have not join the CYTO conference miss the content entirely. Therefore, we decided to summarize all the workshops to disseminate the information provided and the state-of-the art view of the community. Thus, the main reason for creating such combined summary of reports was to keep the record of the live discussions and main conclusions as well as to propose eventual guidelines and make them available to the broader public. This manuscript serves as a summary report of 16 workshops (WS) that were held at CYTO2018 in Prague. We present in concise form the current and the future challenges in cytometry identified by workshop organizers. The manuscript is divided into four topic chapters: Trends, Shared Resource Laboratory (SRL) Best Practices, Quality Assurance and Reproducibility, and Technology. Each chapter is a summary of four workshops. We intend to serve with this joint workshop report the global community involved in single cell analysis and cytometry. Four workshops that focused on current trends in cytometry are gathered in this chapter. While each workshop had a different format and different goals, together they cover a wide range of interests across the community in identifying future trends in cytometry. Several trends in flow cytometry were reviewed regarding increasing activity and unmet challenges in the field of nanoparticles measurement, chip-based cell sorting, spectral flow cytometry, evolution of mass cytometry, and challenges in high-dimensional data analysis (WS18). The relationship between flow cytometry and genomics discussion exploring ways to engage the cytometry community with initiatives aimed at single-cell genomic analysis, such as the comprehensive Human Cell Atlas sequencing program, seeking to derive mutual benefit from the exchange was started (WS06). The initiative to embrace and leverage the field of open innovation in cytometry, a new ISAC Open Science group, CYTO Lab Hacks, was launched, with the goal to serve as an open, transparent, and accessible forum for innovation exchange in cytometry (WS07). The use of flow cytometry to generate identifying "fingerprints" of microbial communities was discussed. The awareness of microbial community flow cytometry was raised, and links with practitioners in other fields were established (WS15). Giacomo Vacca, Nao Nitta. The intended audience was research managers, instrumentation developers, flow cytometry core laboratory directors, principal investigators, technologists, engineers, investors, market analysts, and engineering students. The main goal of the workshop was to give attendees a look at some of the most advanced solutions and challenging applications in flow cytometry (FCM). A second goal was to engage participants in a discussion aimed at gaining a broad consensus on the areas of greatest innovation and of greatest unmet need in FCM. Five FCM experts were chosen to present retrospectives on key innovations or subjects that have had, or are expected to have, a significant impact in the field. 1. Dr. John Nolan, of the Scintillon Institute, talked about the challenges of measuring Extracellular Vesicles (EVs). 2. Dr. Martin Büscher, of Miltenyi Biotec, discussed Micro-Electro-Mechanical System (MEMS) sorting. 3. Dr. Michael Zordan, of Sony Biotechnology, addressed spectral FC. 4. Dr. Dmitry Bandura, of Fluidigm, talked about mass cytometry. 5. Dr. John Quinn, of FlowJo/BD Bioscience, discussed high-dimensional data analysis. Drivers Enablers Each of the speakers was given 12 min to present on their assigned topic; each presentation was followed by Q&A with the audience. After the last presentation, the audience was invited to ask additional questions and provide feedback to the facilitators. The five presentations (available as Supplementary Information WS18_SI1–SI5), as well as questions from the audience and answers from the speakers, were collated and summarized. The workshop reviewed technical advancements and expansion of FCM applications. A central theme that emerged during the workshop, both in the presentations and in the discussions, is the importance of the technology–application coevolution. There was general agreement among the participants that in this area the specific demands from science and industry, or market drivers, foster engineering efforts to develop new instruments, reagents, and software. For example, the strong demand from biology to measure EVs is challenging the cytometry community, while emerging technologies such as mass cytometry and spectral FCM are developed to fulfill the demand to increase the number of detectable parameters. EVs MEMS Sorting Spectral Flow Cytometry Mass Cytometry High-Dimensional Data Analysis The workshop helped assess the impact of recent advancement in FCM, contributed to an understanding of the issues faced by cytometry researchers as they deal with biological findings and their industrial applications, led to a full understanding of the challenges of emerging solutions, and, ultimately, illustrated how technological advancement is essential to further understand the nature of cells and promote the medical and industrial applications of cytometry. Robert Salomon, Christopher Hall, Thomas M. Ashhurst. Since the late 1960s, FCM has given the biologist the ability to interrogate both normal and diseased biological conditions at the single-cell level in a statistically relevant way 1. For many years, flow cytometry advancements were largely restricted to incremental improvements in laser numbers, laser powers, and the number of simultaneous detectors available. In recent years, the advent of high-dimensional fluorescence cytometers, such as the Symphony A5 (Becton Dickinson™), and mass cytometry, such as the Helios (Fluidigm©), has allowed us to push the dimension barrier above 18 parameters. This, however, is insignificant in comparison to the new raft of single-cell transcriptomics tools such as the InDrop, DropSeq, and Chromium 10X systems, which can analyze thousands of dimensions per cell 2. These systems are at the heart of initiatives such as the Human Cell Atlas (HCA) 3 an international endeavor to map every cell in the human body, and the Allen Brain Atlas 4, 5. While these systems have initially been adopted by the genomics Shared Resource Laboratories (SRLs), there is no doubt that these systems are, in fact, simply specialized forms of cell sorters and are part of the rapidly expanding field of genomic cytometry. With the stated goal of understanding what the modern cytometrist requires to fully engage with genomic cytometry, we solicited opinions and comments in the form of a pre-workshop survey and a question-and-answer session. The survey design was intended to inform the workshop regarding the intended audience, challenges faced by cytometrists with regard to "Omic" technologies, and how they would like these challenges tackled. The survey questions, which can be found in Supplementary Information WS18_SI1, were distributed using the cytometry communities on Google+, the Purdue mailing list and Twitter. The survey is still open and can be completed here: Questions were open ended, allowing participants to freely engage with the subject matter and to be able to choose more than one answer if relevant. After introductory talks on the HCA, single-cell Omic technologies, and the integration of these technologies into the SRL, questions and opinions were taken from the audience. There were 19 responses to the pre-workshop survey and over 10 contributions from the audience during the workshop. Detailed responses from the survey and workshop can be found in Supplementary Information WS06_SI1 and 2, respectively, and an interactive dashboard of the survey results can be found on Tableau Public at The survey respondents covered a diverse range of research with 8 specializing in flow cytometry, 4 in imaging, and 16 using Omic technologies. The focus of this research was on immune cells (12 responses), tissue samples (10 responses), and other cell types (11 responses); split between human (8 responses), mouse (8 responses), and other species (4 responses). The majority of respondents cite a lack of knowledge and/or procedural issues as their number one challenge when engaging with Omic technologies (13 responses). This is reflected in the answers to "What can ISAC do to help you get into this space?" where 9 requested better access to training or to standardized protocols and 5 wanted greater access to expert collaborators and regional meetings. Audience participation, during the workshop, reflected the pre-workshop survey with commentary on the need for better access to educational resources (comments 1, 2, and 4) and the need for more collaboration between fields, with an emphasis on the cytometry communities single-cell preparation experience (comments 2, 5, 6, 8, and 9). A synopsis of the workshop discussions can be found in Table 1. The HCA is the next logical extension following on from the Human Genome Project. The creation of a human cell atlas is a significant scientific and technical challenge and its success would be a great achievement. Currently, cytometry is largely separate from the efforts of the HCA and we, as a community, need to actively participate in this important work, and in the broader field of single-cell genomics. "Genomic cytometry" is the newest field of cytometry and involves using genomic sequencing techniques in order to measure the unique characteristic of individual cells. Using current techniques, it is possible to measure a multitude of cellular features including DNA content (scDNASeq) 6, RNA profiles (scRNASeq; Chromium10x) 7, Dropseq 8, seqwell 9, InDrop 10, Rhapsody 11, 12, chromatin accessibility (ATACseq) 13, DNA methylation (CLEVERseq) 14, and protein expression (CITEseq) 15. Importantly, as all of these methods aim at providing measurements of the single cell using genomic technologies, they should be considered genomic cytometry methods. There are many challenges in the use of genomic cytometry techniques. Some relate to the technology itself and others are more biological in nature. This is perhaps unsurprising, as the technology is still in its infancy. The challenges predominantly involve cell preparation, throughput, scalability, cost, the inability to interrogate the sample in real time, the size and complexity of the data being generated, and the destructive nature of the interrogation method. Other challenges that are more biological in nature relate to the instability of RNA, the discordance of RNA with protein expression, and lack of form or functional assessment when using scRNASeq alone 16, 17. The world of cytometry has a great deal to offer the HCA and related genomic projects. Figure 1 outlines how the world of traditional cytometry (fluorescence, mass, and imaging cytometry) interacts with the emerging field of genomic cytometry. These include, but are not limited to, expertise in cell preparation, cell sorting to isolate cells of interest, index sorting to match protein expression data to resulting sequencing data, and antibody staining methods. Additionally, work done in scRNAseq needs to be substantiated by investigating the corresponding measures of protein, form, and function 18. Because the field is currently undergoing refinement, it is a dynamic and confusing space for the uninitiated as well as those that have been involved from early on. For example, the first challenge that many cytometry SRLs will face is where these new technologies should reside: Should they be placed in the genomics core, or in the cytometry core? There has been much discussion in the cytometry community regarding where the boundaries of these technologies lie. Many major institutions are also beginning to make these assessments and societies like ISAC are ideally situated to create a framework for these decisions and the emerging field of genomic cytometry. As a cytometry community, we need to respond to the challenges inherent to the era of the HCA and become leaders in it. We need to move away from the concept of cytometry as predominantly a search for epitope-antibody interactions and to embrace cytometry's core purpose, the measurement of cells at the single-cell level. Once we embrace this concept fully, we can begin to embrace the new field of genomic cytometry. As a result of this workshop, it was evident that ISAC and the members of the international cytometry community should immediately begin to engage with genomic cytometry and create an ecosystem to support those already in the field and to bring new people into the field. There are many ways to do this, but the need for education, peer support, and training opportunities, as well as the formation of ISAC best practices in genomic cytometry were high on the list of requirements. The modern cytometrist must engage with these technologies and not allow their single-cell expertise to be lost or needlessly reinvented, helping to build an exciting future for single-cell science. We wish to thank Dr. Andrea Holme for suggesting the workshop and early contribution to the workshop at CYTO 2018. We wish to thank Dr. David Gallego-Ortega, Mr. Dominik Kaczorowski, and Dr. Parwinder Kaur for their input, as well as Dr. Andrew Filby for helpful contributions in the lead up to this workshop, including providing the published study that demonstrated the investigation of "RNA, protein, form, and function". We would also like to thank Dr. Kerstin Meyer, Dr. Shalin Naik, and Dr. Joseph Powell for helpful discussions regarding scRNAseq and the Human Cell Atlas. Christopher Hall's attendance was possible thanks to Welcome funding (WT206194). Thomas Ashhurst is supported by the International Society for the Advancement of Cytometry (ISAC) Marylou Ingram Scholars program, Robert Salomon is supported by the International Society for the Advancement of Cytometry (ISAC) Shared Resource Emerging Leader Program. Jakub Nedbal, Bunny Cotleur, Dominic Gagnon, Virginia Litwin, Jenny Molloy, Betsy Ohlsson-Wilhelm. Open Science is an active process of a cultural change, shifting the research conduct from competition toward collaboration and early dissemination. Open Science can be defined as "transparent and accessible knowledge that is shared and developed through collaborative networks" 19. The International Society for the Advancement of Cytometry (ISAC) has been an early champion of Open Science in the biological sciences by introducing the MiFlowCyt 20, FlowRepository 21, and the FCS data file standard 22, 23. Here, we are proposing a new transparent platform for searching, disseminating, and collaborative sharing of cytometry innovations. Cytometrists often generate innovations to protocols, instruments, methods, teaching materials, and products. Efficient dissemination of these cytometry innovations delivers benefits to the innovator and the community 24, 25. Yet there are no dedicated platforms to support sharing of cytometry innovations. Therefore, authors publish their innovations in redacted form as a part of research articles, post them on websites (institutional, blogs, social media) or do not disseminate them at all. Consequently, many cytometry innovations never reach their full potential by not being seen, used, or adapted by the community. In this workshop, we launched CYTO Lab Hacks as an online free and open forum for sharing and collaborative development of cytometry innovation. A group of invested volunteers will build this forum from the ground up under the oversight of the ISAC CYTO Innovation Committee. CYTO Lab Hacks will be developed according to the principles outlined in the Global Open Science Hardware Roadmap 26. It will be resourcefully built on existing online platforms, which will be repurposed to create a cytometry-specific network of resources. The overarching aim will be to enable streamlined deposition and sharing of cytometry innovation under a common and widely recognizable brand. The title "CYTO Lab Hacks," used throughout this manuscript for consistency, remains tentative, and may still change in the future as discussed below. Our workshop attracted a mixture of facilities managers, academic scientists, and industry representatives. We presented ideas and questions to the audience and processed their feedback and poll results. We gained the understanding of the needs, pains, experience level, and opportunities for the proposed innovation sharing forum. The workshop outcomes will help us guide the development of CYTO Lab Hacks. The aims are to accelerate and increase the impact of early stage cytometry innovation and to make ISAC the leader among the biological societies in the promotion and championing of free and open science hardware. We used three channels to collect information prior to and during the workshop: a pre-workshop survey, workshop polling, and a 60-min moderated discussion with the audience. All three efforts were designed to understand the audience needs and to guide the future development of CYTO Lab Hacks. We gauged the existing level of awareness, usage patterns, licensing, and publishing opportunities for free and open source software and hardware. We aimed to learn the needs, pains, and opportunities in relation to searching for, sharing, and collaboratively developing cytometry innovations. The workshop included a presentation of examples of recent cytometry innovations. A pre-workshop online survey (Forms, Google, Mountain View, CA) was repeatedly advertised prior to the conference on LinkedIn, Twitter, and multiple cytometry forums. We used a bespoke logo (Fig. 2A) and an advertising poster to capture the intended audience attention. The pre-workshop survey results are summarized in the supplementary note and Supplementary Information WS07_SI Figures S6–S13. At the start of the workshop, the audience was polled for objections to audio recording, which was intended only for use in writing this manuscript. Receiving no objections, the workshop audio was recorded using the available AV technology. The workshop was started with a 20-min motivational talk and 10-min question time with J. Molloy (Cambridge University, UK). An Internet link using Skype (Microsoft, Redmond, WA) and a USB boundary microphone (UB-1, Samson, Hicksville, NY) connected to the presentation computer facilitated this remote workshop contribution. The rest of the workshop was structured as an open discussion of the panel (J. Nedbal, B. Cotleur, D. Gagnon) with the audience. The structure and timing was maintained through a slide presentation accompanied by live polling (Slido, Bratislava, Slovakia). The feedback from the audience was captured on the audio and through the live polling. The workshop attracted 40–50 participants with ~20% contributing to the live poll. This section summarizes the content of the discussion and the resulting feedback. We covered the topics of mission statement, branding, identity, platform, structure, licensing, vendor engagement, and outreach. The aims of CYTO Lab Hacks (Supplementary Information WS07_SI Fig. S1) listed in the descending level of gained support are 1. creating a sharing platform to boost the impact of cytometry innovations; 2. widening collaboration, engagement, and participation; 3. advocacy, education, and standards for sharing. We assessed the branding proposal for CYTO Lab Hacks including the title, proposed logo (Fig. 2A, Supplementary Information WS07_SI Fig. S2) and other branding assets. We identified problems with the title "CYTO Lab Hacks," potentially devaluing the "CYTO" brand. Alternative title suggestions have been proposed (Supplementary Information WS07_SI Table 1) and an acceptable title will be selected shortly. CYTO Lab Hacks should be organized by a task force overseen by the CYTO Innovation Committee (Supplementary Information WS07_SI Fig. S3). Actual "Lab Hacks" are to be demonstrated during CYTO Innovation and in the ISAC booth, to promote the initiative at the CYTO meetings (Supplementary Information WS07_SI Fig. S4). We proposed a visit to a local makerspace during CYTO 2019 to validate the potential of these community workshops to scientists. We also encouraged the audience to engage with institutional bioengineering departments, workshops, and local makerspaces. Licensing, safety, and legal issues were identified as important considerations for CYTO Lab Hacks development. Careful management will be required to mitigate liability issues, manage intellectual property ownership, prevent endorsement of potentially unsafe practices, and protect vendor interests as CYTO Lab Hacks develop. The discussed strategies include limiting contributions to registered users, adopting procedures followed by established project-sharing platforms, and seeking legal advice. Routinely cytometrists, as other scientists, develop innovations to methods, protocols, instruments, teaching materials, and products. These innovations deliver additional benefits to the innovator and the wider community when disseminated efficiently. They generate community feedback and spark follow-up collaboration and further innovation. Currently, there are no clear incentives or standardized platforms for sharing cytometry innovations. Consequently, cytometry innovation dissemination, sharing and collaboration is cumbersome, ineffective or slow; relying on traditional publishing or a variety of scattered online resources. CYTO Lab Hacks community was established during the workshop to drive the development of a platform for searching and depositing cytometry innovations. The goal is to increase the innovation rate in cytometry by minimizing barriers in collaborative sharing of innovations according to open science principles 19, 26. CYTO Lab Hacks will enable sharing regardless of and alongside peer-reviewed journal publications. Both the wider cytometry community and contributors will benefit from CYTO Lab Hacks. Searching for ideas and innovations will become centralized and thus more effective. Contributors depositing innovations will increase their impact through higher visibility, proliferation rate, community feedback, follow-up collaborations, and further innovations. CYTO Lab Hacks is developing into a free, open, transparent community-run collaborative innovation forum within ISAC, revolving around an online platform. The development is taking place in a series of steps guided by the workshop outcomes and summarized in Figure 2B. CYTO Lab Hacks has become an open group of volunteers. We are now working to establish efficient communication channels to create and retain the momentum within this group. We coordinate with the CYTO Innovation Committee to remain accountable and aligned with ISAC's needs, perspectives, and bylaws. We are developing CYTO Lab Hacks to adhere to and champion free and open science principles as outlined in the Global Open Science Hardware 26 guidelines. We plan to synergistically engage with other scientific communities sharing similar aims. CYTO Lab Hacks will develop gradually. We will first redefine the CYTO Lab Hacks identity (Supplementary Information WS07_SI Table S1) to create an instantly recognizable brand. Then a roadmap for CYTO Lab Hacks will be developed to set goals and priorities over the following years (Fig. 2B). A range of online social media platforms, collaborative project management tools, data repositories, and open source project tools will be assessed to identify those best suited for CYTO Lab Hacks. The tools used by other science and maker communities will be analyzed to understand correct practices in licensing, communication, and management. Channels will be setup within suitable online platforms under a common branding umbrella. These platforms will be promoted for the use in the cytometry community to share emerging innovations. Presence and activities at CYTO 2019 will be developed. These may consist of a showcase of innovations, workshop, tutorial, and invitation of speakers championing open science. We expect CYTO Lab Hacks to develop over the next years into a sustainable and instantly recognizable platform for cytometry innovation sharing. Its success will cement the position of ISAC as a leader in promotion of open science among the biological societies. We would like to thank ISAC for supporting this workshop, participants for their valuable contributions to the discussion and, sound technicians for their help with the recording of the workshop. Frederiek-Maarten Kerckhof, Peter Rubbens, Hyun-Dong Chang, Jakob Zimmermann, Ruben Props, Frederik Hammes, Susann Müller. Microbiomes, ranging from the human microbiome to man-made and natural ecosystems, perform essential services. For example, human microbiome dysbiosis can be indicative of the host's health status, while environmental microbiome changes may impact global biogeochemical cycling. This workshop set out 1. to raise awareness within the general ISAC/cytometry community of the emerging field of microbial community flow cytometry (MCFC) and 2. to initiate interaction with practitioners in the field of higher eukaryote (e.g. mammalian immune cells) flow cytometry. Whereas classical immunological flow cytometry aims to dissect the phenotypic diversity of cells of the same genotype, the unique challenge of MCFC is the vast diversity of different genotypes present within a microbial community. Furthermore, even isogenic (biotechnological) microbial populations can exhibit a wide variety of phenotypes. Multiparametric phenotyping of immune cells 27 and interpretation of such data 28, 29 have advanced the field of cytometry significantly in recent years. While there have been developments in the state-of-the-art phenotyping of microbial communities (30,31), this workshop also aimed at discussing how MCFC could benefit from the developments of higher eukaryote flow cytometry 29. Five topics for discussion were addressed at the workshop, which are outlined in the methods section below. A live survey was performed at the start of the workshop using slido.com to capture a general overview of the workshop participants' existing experience with MCFC (for questionnaire and responses, see Supplementary Information WS15_SI Table). A sign-up sheet was handed out as well for future communication, and anonymous questions could be asked using the slido.com interface. The workshop had 56 attendees, from whom we recorded between 35 and 39 responses for each question on our slido.com interactive survey (see Supplementary Information WS15_SI Table). Thirty three percent of responders had never analyzed microbial communities using flow cytometry. Sixty one percent of responders considered microbial flow cytometry data ac

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(30/38)
TITLE: Structural Determinants Regulating Expression of the High Affinity Leukotriene B4 Receptor
ABSTRACT: Mutational analysis of determinants located in the C-terminal (C) tail of the high affinity leukotriene (LT) B4 receptor, BLT1, was performed to assess their significance in BLT1 trafficking. When expressed in COS-7 cells, a BLT1 deletion mutant lacking the C-tail (G291stop) displayed higher numbers of binding sites and increased signal transduction compared with wild-type (WT) BLT1. Addition of the C-tail from either the platelet-activating factor receptor or the LTD4 receptor, CysLT1, did not restore WT phenotype. Moreover, the number of LTB4 binding sites was higher in the chimeras than in the WT BLT1, suggesting the requirement for specific structural determinants within the BLT1 C-tail. Elimination of a distal C-tail dileucine motif (Leu304-Leu305), but not the proximal (Leu292-Leu293) motif, altered BLT1 pharmacological characteristics and caused a moderate constitutive receptor activation. Surprisingly, all mutant receptors were efficiently delivered to the plasma membrane, but not to a greater extent than WT BLT1, as assessed by flow cytometry. Furthermore, substitution of Leu304-Leu305 prevented LTB4-induced BLT1 internalization. Molecular modeling of BLT1 on the bovine rhodopsin receptor scaffold strongly suggested the involvement of the distal dileucine motif (Leu304-Leu305) in a hydrophobic core, including intrahelical interactions within α-helix VIII and interhelical interactions with residues of helix I. Disruption of this hydrophobic core is proposed to increase the population of receptors in the active form, to restrain their trafficking and to facilitate the activation of BLT1 as indicated by the increased maximal level of binding of the ligand and constitutive activation of the receptor. Mutational analysis of determinants located in the C-terminal (C) tail of the high affinity leukotriene (LT) B4 receptor, BLT1, was performed to assess their significance in BLT1 trafficking. When expressed in COS-7 cells, a BLT1 deletion mutant lacking the C-tail (G291stop) displayed higher numbers of binding sites and increased signal transduction compared with wild-type (WT) BLT1. Addition of the C-tail from either the platelet-activating factor receptor or the LTD4 receptor, CysLT1, did not restore WT phenotype. Moreover, the number of LTB4 binding sites was higher in the chimeras than in the WT BLT1, suggesting the requirement for specific structural determinants within the BLT1 C-tail. Elimination of a distal C-tail dileucine motif (Leu304-Leu305), but not the proximal (Leu292-Leu293) motif, altered BLT1 pharmacological characteristics and caused a moderate constitutive receptor activation. Surprisingly, all mutant receptors were efficiently delivered to the plasma membrane, but not to a greater extent than WT BLT1, as assessed by flow cytometry. Furthermore, substitution of Leu304-Leu305 prevented LTB4-induced BLT1 internalization. Molecular modeling of BLT1 on the bovine rhodopsin receptor scaffold strongly suggested the involvement of the distal dileucine motif (Leu304-Leu305) in a hydrophobic core, including intrahelical interactions within α-helix VIII and interhelical interactions with residues of helix I. Disruption of this hydrophobic core is proposed to increase the population of receptors in the active form, to restrain their trafficking and to facilitate the activation of BLT1 as indicated by the increased maximal level of binding of the ligand and constitutive activation of the receptor. A variety of stimuli, including light, neurotransmitters, hormones, and inflammatory lipid mediators produce their effects via activation of G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). 1The abbreviations used are: GPCRs, G-protein-coupled receptors; BLT1, leukotriene B4 receptor; CMV, cytomegalovirus; G-protein, GTP-binding regulatory protein; GRK, GPCR kinase; HEK, human embryonic kidney; IP, inositol phosphate(s); LTB4, leukotriene B4; PI, phosphoinositide; TM, transmembrane; WT, wild type; FITC, fluorescein isothiocyanate; PAFR, platelet-activated factor receptor. Taking into account the heterogeneity of ligands, it is interesting that all members of this superfamily of receptors share the same topology characterized by the presence of seven transmembrane α-helices. Conserved residues within subfamily A (related to rhodopsin) are localized throughout these helices, serving as reference points for sequence alignments. Biophysical and biochemical evidence indicate that upon photoactivation, relative movements of transmembrane (TM) 3 and TM6 occur in rhodopsin; similarly, rearrangement of the cytoplasmic proximal portion of TM7 relative to TM1 and of TM2 relative to the intracellular helix VIII were also observed (reviewed in Ref. 1Gether U. Asmar F. Meinild A.K. Rasmussen S.G. Pharmacol. Toxicol. 2002; 91: 304-312Crossref PubMed Scopus (76) Google Scholar). Through structural mimicry, despite the incredible diversity of ligands, GPCRs presumably share the core function of activation through similar conformational changes (2Ballesteros J. Shi L. Javitch J.A. Mol. Pharmacol. 2001; 60: 1-19Crossref PubMed Scopus (405) Google Scholar). GPCRs exist in equilibrium between the inactive (R) and active (R*) conformations, as described in the cubic ternary model of GPCR activation (3Weiss J.M. Morgan P.H. Lutz M.W. Kenakin T.P. J. Theor. Biol. 1996; 178: 169-172Crossref Scopus (97) Google Scholar). Stabilizing networks of intramolecular interactions constrain the receptor in an inactive conformation. Disruption of these stabilizing interactions leads to isomerization of the population of receptors into the active conformation (R*). Several mutations have been described to facilitate the isomerization of receptors from the R to the R* state, leading to higher basal receptor activity in the absence of agonist (1Gether U. Asmar F. Meinild A.K. Rasmussen S.G. Pharmacol. Toxicol. 2002; 91: 304-312Crossref PubMed Scopus (76) Google Scholar, 4Cai K. Klein-Seetharaman J. Farrens D. Zhang C. Altenbach C. Hubbell W.L. Khorana H.G. Biochemistry. 1999; 38: 7925-7930Crossref PubMed Scopus (82) Google Scholar, 5Claeysen S. Sebben M. Becamel C. Bockaert J. Dumuis A. Mol. Pharmacol. 1999; 55: 910-920PubMed Google Scholar, 6Parnot C. Bardin S. Miserey-Lenkei S. Guedin D. Corvol P. Clauser E. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 2000; 97: 7615-7620Crossref PubMed Scopus (69) Google Scholar). Regulation of activated receptors generally involves Ser/Thr phosphorylation by the GPCR-specific kinases (GRKs) and binding of members of the arrestin family, the latter acting as adaptors between the receptor and components of the internalization machinery (7Pitcher J.A. Freedman N.J. Lefkowitz R.J. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1998; 67: 653-692Crossref PubMed Scopus (1072) Google Scholar, 8Lohse M.J. Andexinger S. Pitcher J. Trukawinski S. Codina J. Faure J.P. Caron M.G. Lefkowitz R.J. J. Biol. Chem. 1992; 267: 8558-8564Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar, 9Gurevich V.V. Dion S.B. Onorato J.J. Ptasienski J. Kim C.M. Sterne-Marr R. Hosey M.M. Benovic J.L. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 720-731Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (340) Google Scholar, 10Kirchhausen T. Annu. Rev. Cell Dev. Biol. 1999; 15: 705-732Crossref PubMed Scopus (425) Google Scholar). Interestingly, arrestin-independent GPCR endocytosis has been reported (11Paing M.M. Stutts A.B. Kohout T.A. Lefkowitz R.J. Trejo J. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 1292-1300Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (181) Google Scholar). 2Z. Chen, R. Gaudreau, C. Le Gouill, M. Rola-Pleszczynski, and J. Stankova, manuscript in preparation. The adaptin protein (AP) complexes participate in the formation of clathrin-coated pits (CCP) and sorting of GPCRs to CCP (12Laporte S.A. Oakley R.H. Holt J.A. Barak L.S. Caron M.G. J. Biol. Chem. 2000; 275: 23120-23126Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (314) Google Scholar). APs also bind specific sorting signal sequences in cytoplasmic domains of several transmembrane proteins such as the tyrosine-based motifs (NPXY and YXXφ, where X represents any amino acid, and φ is a residue with a bulky hydrophobic group) and dileucine-based sorting signals (10Kirchhausen T. Annu. Rev. Cell Dev. Biol. 1999; 15: 705-732Crossref PubMed Scopus (425) Google Scholar, 13Heilker R. Spiess M. Crottet P. Bioessays. 1999; 21: 558-567Crossref PubMed Scopus (121) Google Scholar, 14Fan G.H. Yang W. Wang X.J. Qian Q. Richmond A. Biochemistry. 2001; 40: 791-800Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar). The latter have been involved in different aspects of CCP trafficking of transmembrane proteins including GPCRs (13Heilker R. Spiess M. Crottet P. Bioessays. 1999; 21: 558-567Crossref PubMed Scopus (121) Google Scholar, 14Fan G.H. Yang W. Wang X.J. Qian Q. Richmond A. Biochemistry. 2001; 40: 791-800Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 15Letourneur F. Klausner R.D. Cell. 1992; 69: 1143-1157Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (461) Google Scholar, 16Honing S. Hunziker W. J. Cell Biol. 1995; 128: 321-332Crossref PubMed Scopus (117) Google Scholar, 17Matter K. Yamamoto E.M. Mellman I. J. Cell Biol. 1994; 126: 991-1004Crossref PubMed Scopus (215) Google Scholar, 18Martens A.S. Bode J.G. Heinrich P.C. Graeve L. J. Cell Sci. 2000; 113: 3593-3602Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 19Dittrich E. Haft C.R. Muys L. Heinrich P.C. Graeve L. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 5487-5494Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (145) Google Scholar, 20Gabilondo A.M. Hegler J. Krasel C. Boivin-Jahns V. Hein L. Lohse M.J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1997; 94: 12285-12290Crossref PubMed Scopus (83) Google Scholar, 21Orsini M.J. Parent J.L. Mundell S.J. Benovic J.L. Marchese A. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 31076-31086Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (209) Google Scholar, 22Kraft K. Olbrich H. Majoul I. Mack M. Proudfoot A. Oppermann M. J. Biol. Chem. 2001; 276: 34408-34418Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (143) Google Scholar). Extensive studies have defined the C-terminal (C) tail of GPCRs as a key domain for several aspects of the GPCR biology, including receptor activation and regulation. The atomic structure resolution of rhodopsin in its inactive form revealed the presence of an eighth helix, located in the C-tail segment distal to helix VII (23Palczewski K. Kumasaka T. Hori T. Behnke C.A. Motoshima H. Fox B.A. Le Trong I. Teller D.C. Okada T. Stenkamp R.E. Yamamoto M. Miyano M. Science. 2000; 289: 739-745Crossref PubMed Scopus (5054) Google Scholar). Post-translational modifications such as phosphorylation and palmitoylation in the C-tail are involved in receptor coupling selectivity (24Kuang Y. Wu Y. Jiang H. Wu D. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 3975-3978Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (174) Google Scholar) and G-protein activation (25Okamoto Y. Ninomiya H. Tanioka M. Sakamoto A. Miwa S. Masaki T. J. Biol. Chem. 1997; 272: 21589-21596Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (84) Google Scholar). Other motifs are recognized as docking sites for scaffolding proteins (26Bockaert J. Marin P. Dumuis A. Fagni L. FEBS Lett. 2003; 546: 65-72Crossref PubMed Scopus (188) Google Scholar). In the present study, we investigated whether specific determinants located in the C-tail were implicated in the activation and trafficking of the high affinity human leukotriene (LT)B4 receptor (BLT1). LTB4 is a powerful inflammatory mediator derived from lipoxygenation of arachidonic acid, which induces neutrophil chemotaxis, chemokinesis, aggregation, degranulation, cation fluxes, as well as other immunodulatory functions (reviewed in Ref. 27Rola-Pleszczynski M. Immunol. Today. 1985; 10: 302-307Abstract Full Text PDF Scopus (127) Google Scholar) (28Stankova J. Gagnon N. Rola-Pleszczynski M. Immunology. 1992; 76: 258-263PubMed Google Scholar, 29Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. Biochem. J. 1992; 282: 625-629Crossref PubMed Scopus (49) Google Scholar, 30Rola-Pleszczynski M. Stankova J. Blood. 1992; 80: 1004-1011Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). LTB4 mediates its functions through interaction with two specific plasma membrane receptors showing different affinity for the ligand: a high affinity LTB4 receptor, BLT1 (31Yokomizo T. Izumi T. Chang K. Takuwa Y. Shimizu T. Nature. 1997; 387: 620-624Crossref PubMed Scopus (856) Google Scholar) and low affinity receptor, BLT2 (32Yokomizo T. Kato K. Terawaki K. Izumi T. Shimizu T. J. Exp. Med. 2000; 192: 421-432Crossref PubMed Scopus (472) Google Scholar), which share 45% identity. Several structural determinants purportedly involved in the regulation of transmembrane protein trafficking are present in the BLT1 C-tail and are conserved among species (human, rat, mouse, guinea pig) as well as in the human BLT2 (Fig. 1A). We recently demonstrated that within the BLT1 C-tail reside structural elements involved in its desensitization as well as in arrestin-independent and GRK- and dynamin-dependent BLT1 internalization; both regulatory processes require an intact C-tail.2 (33Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Venne M.H. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 31567-31576Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar) In addition, preliminary data revealed that a BLT1 deletion mutant (G291stop) lacking the C-tail, transiently expressed in COS-7 cells, showed higher numbers of LTB4 binding sites and increased signal transduction when compared with the WT receptor (33Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Venne M.H. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 31567-31576Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar). These data suggest that specific structural determinants of BLT1 C-tail regulate cell surface expression, yet the motifs involved are still unknown. Within this receptor segment are located most of the multiple potential intracellular phosphorylation sites (Ser/Thr) as well as two dileucine motifs (Fig. 1A). We therefore sought to determine which structural determinants of BLT1 direct its expression. Reagents—cDNA encoding Gα16 was a generous gift from Dr. M. I. Simon (Passadena, CA); cDNA encoding GRK2 was a generous gift from Dr. Jeffrey Benovic (Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA). Other materials and their sources were as follow: Geneticin and all culture media from Invitrogen Canada Inc. (Burlington, Ontario, Canada); bovine serum albumin, Hanks' balanced salt solution (HBSS), paraformaldehyde, and poly-l-lysine from Sigma-Aldrich Canada Ltd. (Oakville, Ontario, Canada); fetal bovine serum from BIO MEDIA Canada Inc. (Drummondville, Quebec, Canada); FuGENE 6 transfection reagent, Pwo polymerase, and restriction endonuclease from Roche Applied Science (Mississauga, Ontario, Canada); T4 DNA ligase, anti-mouse antibody conjugated to horseradish peroxidase, 32Pi, [3H]LTB4, and myo-[3H]inositol from Amersham Biosciences (Baie D'Urfé, Quebec, Canada); LTB4 from Cayman Chemical (Ann Arbor, MI); perchloric acid from VWR Canlab (Ville Mont-Royal, Quebec, Canada); fluorescein isothiocyanate-conjugated goat anti-mouse antibody from BIO/CAN Scientific (Mississauga, Ontario, Canada); gentamicin sulfate from Schering Canada Inc. (Pointe-Claire, Quebec, Canada). Construction of Myc-tagged Wild Type (WT) and Mutant Receptors— The cloning of WT BLT1 cDNA was previously described (34Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Metaoui S. Lemire S. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. Biochem. J. 1998; 335: 15-18Crossref PubMed Scopus (51) Google Scholar). In order to allow rapid assessment of cell surface expression of BLT1, the N-terminal initiator methionine was replaced by the Myc sequence MEQKLISEEDLSRGSPG resulting in Myc epitope-tagged WT and mutant BLT1. The G291stop mutant generation was also described previously (33Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Venne M.H. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 31567-31576Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar). The chimeric mutant receptors were generated by PCR. Primers were designed to link BLT1 core receptor at residue Gly291 (Fig. 1A), immediately after the TM7, in-frame with the C-terminal tail of either PAFR C-tail, from residue Lys298, or CysLT1 C-tail, from residue Gly300. The 4L/A (in which Leu292, Leu293, Leu304, and Leu305 are substituted to alanine) or 2L(304–5)/A and 2L(292–3)/A mutant BLT1 were also constructed by PCR amplification. Each mutant BLT1 is identified by the single letter code of the original amino acid followed by the position number and the single letter code of the exchanged amino acid (Fig. 1B). All constructions were subcloned into pcDNA3 expression vector (Invitrogen). Mutant and chimeric receptor cDNAs were then sequenced (University of Calgary, Alberta, Canada) to confirm substitutions or fusion of the chimeric receptor. The human Gα16 and GRK2 cDNAs were in pCIS, under the control of a CMV promoter, and in pcDNA3, respectively. Cell Culture and Transfections—COS-7 and HEK293 were grown in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium with glucose, supplemented with 10% fetal bovine serum and gentamicin sulfate (40 μg/ml). Transient transfections were carried out with FuGENE 6, and experiments were performed 48 h post-transfection. Total transfected cDNA quantities were adjusted for each experiment with the pcDNA3 vector DNA. Radioligand Binding Assay—1.2 × 106 COS-7 cells were transiently transfected with 2 μg of cDNA encoding WT or mutant BLT1. After 48 h, cells were harvested and washed twice in phosphate-buffered saline and twice in Hepes-Tyrode's Buffer containing 0.1% (w/v) bovine serum albumin (35Honda Z. Takano T. Gotoh Y. Nishida E. Ito K. Shimizu T. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 2307-2315Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar) in which cells were also resuspended for the assay. Competition binding curves were carried out on 2 × 105 cells with 0.25 nm [3H]LTB4 and increasing concentrations of non-radioactive LTB4, for 2 h at 4 °C. For saturation binding curves, 1 × 105 cells were subjected to increasing [3H]LTB4 concentrations (0–16 nm). Nonspecific binding was measured in presence of 2 μm nonradioactive LTB4 and represented less than 10% of total binding. Free radioactivity was separated from cells by centrifugation and a double wash with 1 ml of Hepes-Tyrode's buffer. Radioactivity contained in the cell pellet was counted in liquid scintillation using a β counter. Inositol Phosphate Determination—COS-7 cells were plated in 30-mm dishes (2.0 × 105 cells/dish) and cultured 24 h before transient transfection with cDNAs encoding WT or mutant BLT1 in combination with cDNA of Gα16 subunit. In brief, 24 h post-transfection, cells were labeled and the following day, stimulated with 100 nm LTB4. Inositol phosphates (IP) were then extracted, and radioactivity was counted as described previously (34Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Metaoui S. Lemire S. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. Biochem. J. 1998; 335: 15-18Crossref PubMed Scopus (51) Google Scholar). Total IP levels represent IP production in response to the agonist, over basal levels (or unstimulated). Constitutive activity was determined by comparing the ratio between the basal IP levels of mutant and WT receptors. Flow Cytometry Studies—COS-7 cells transiently expressing the Myc-tagged WT or mutant BLT1 were subjected to flow cytometry analysis. Cells (2,5 × 105) were labeled as previously described (34Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Metaoui S. Lemire S. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. Biochem. J. 1998; 335: 15-18Crossref PubMed Scopus (51) Google Scholar) with anti-Myc followed by incubation with fluorescein isothiocyanate-conjugated goat anti-mouse IgG antibody. All measures were performed on a FACScan flow cytometer using CellQuest sofware (BD Biosciences). Internalization Assay—HEK293 grown at 80% confluency in Petri dishes were transfected with 2 μg of cDNA encoding WT or mutant BLT1 with 4 μg of each others cDNA or the pcDNA3 expression vector DNA as indicated in figure legends. Transfected cells cultured for 24 h were transferred to 6-well plates with 1.5 × 106 cells/well and incubated for another 24 h. After washing once with HBSS, medium containing LTB4 (300 nm) or its vehicle was added, and the cells were incubated for 1 h at 37 °C. Incubations were stopped on ice, and cells were washed twice with ice-cold HBSS. Flow cytometry analysis was carried out as described earlier except that antibody labeling was performed at 4 °C while cells were still attached to the plates. Cells were collected and analyzed. Percentage of receptor internalization was calculated based on either the mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) value of cells or on the percentage of positive cells, with comparable results, using LTB4-treated cells compared with cells treated with the vehicle alone. Molecular Modeling—The modeling and rendering of BLT1 were executed using the INSIGHTII suite of programs (Accel Inc., San Diego, CA). All the calculations were performed on an SGI Octane2 workstation (Silicon Graphics Inc., Mountain View, CA), as described previously (36Deraët M. Rihakova L. Boucard A. Pérodin J. Sauvé S. Mathieu A.P. Guillemette G. Leduc R. Lavigne P. Escher E. Can. J. Physiol. Pharmacol. 2002; 80: 418-425Crossref PubMed Scopus (25) Google Scholar). Briefly, a pairwise sequence alignment between the primary structures of BLT1 (SwissProt accession no. GenBank™ accession no. D89078) and the bovine rhodopsin (Protein Data Bank: 1L9H) was performed using the program HOMOLOGY. The sequences of the two proteins were aligned so as to match the positions of the following conserved residues: Asn55-Asn1.5036 (the superscripts represent the residue numbering in rhodopsin structure Protein Data Bank code 1F88, and human BLT1 sequence, respectively, and 1.50 is the numbering in the standardized nomenclature), Asp83-Asp2.5064, Arg135-Arg3.50115, Trp161-Trp4.50142, Pro215-Pro5.50193, Pro267-Pro6.50236 and Pro303-Pro7.50282. The coordinates of the identified structurally conserved regions were then transferred to the sequence of the BLT1. To relieve residual strain resulting from suboptimal positioning of the side chains, the resulting model was subjected to energy minimization using the program DISCOVER with a consistent valence force field (37Dauber-Osguthorpe P. Roberts V.A. Osguthorpe D.J. Wolff J. Genest M. Hagler A.T. Proteins. 1988; 4: 31-47Crossref PubMed Scopus (1949) Google Scholar). During this process, the Cα atoms and the side chains of conserved residues were kept fixed at their positions in the rhodopsin crystal structure. A distance-dependent dielectric constant of 4 was used with simple harmonic potential for bond length energy. No cross-term energies were included, and the peptide bonds were forced to planarity. Statistical Analysis—Data were analyzed for statistical significance using Student's paired t test. Differences were considered significant at p < 0.05. WT and mutant BLT1 were expressed in a mammalian expression system in order to determine and characterize structural elements involved in BLT1 trafficking and receptor activation. Motifs located in the C-terminal tail of the receptor were investigated with regard to receptor expression, targeting to the membrane and functionality. Structural Determinants of BLT1 C-tail Are Essential for Regulation of BLT1 Expression—We previously reported that a complete C-tail-truncated BLT1 (G291stop) showed increased numbers of [3H]LTB4 binding sites and a greater IP production in response to LTB4 stimulation than WT BLT1 (33Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Venne M.H. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 31567-31576Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar). In order to define whether selective BLT1 determinants could regulate its cell surface trafficking, we created two chimeric receptors composed of the main core of BLT1: residues 1–291 at the end of TM7 of BLT1 and the C-tail of either the PAFR or the LTD4 receptor CysLT1 (Fig. 1B). The amino acids present in the C-tail of each receptor are shown in Fig. 1A. Chimeric receptors (BLT1-PAFR and BLT1-CysLT1) were transiently expressed in COS-7 cells and were present at the plasma membrane as assessed by [3H]LTB4 binding (Table I). Nonlinear regression analysis of competition binding curves revealed the presence of one class of binding sites exhibiting high affinity for LTB4 (BLT1-PAFR, Kd = 3.6 ± 0.7 nm; BLT1-CysLT1, Kd = 6.7 ± 1.9 nm). These Kd values were slightly higher than the value for WT BLT1 value (Kd = 1.0 ± 0.5 nm) (Table I).Table IBinding characteristics of WT and modified BLT1ReceptorsDissociation constant, KdnmBLT1 WT0.99 ± 0.46BLT1-PAFR3.59 ± 0.74BLT1-CysLT16.71 ± 1.874L/A10.6 ± 2.402L(304·5)/A12.2 ± 3.002L(292·3)/A4.47 ± 1.47 Open table in a new tab We next investigated whether those chimeric receptors were able to transduce LTB4 signaling. Total IP accumulation was monitored in COS-7 cells coexpressing Gα16 subunit protein and either chimeric or WT receptor. Surprisingly, in response to 100 nm of LTB4, IP production was markedly increased for both BLT1-PAFR (155 ± 16%) and BLT1-CysLT1 (163 ± 18%) in comparison with WT (defined as 100%) (Fig. 2A). Furthermore, the increased ability of the chimeric BLT1 to transduce LTB4 signaling was associated with a higher number of binding sites, as shown by [3H]LTB4 saturation binding curves (Fig. 2B). These results suggest that the C-tail of WT BLT1 contains a signal that is not conserved in PAFR or CysLT1 C-tail, which controls BLT1 trafficking or functional expression at the cell surface. We further sought to define the structural determinants present in the C-tail that could regulate BLT1 expression. Since a partially C-tail-truncated BLT1 mutant (G319stop) had shown binding characteristics similar to WT BLT1 (33Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Venne M.H. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 31567-31576Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar), we investigated the cytoplasmic segment comprising residues 291–319. Two types of structural determinants located within the 291–319 C-tail segment could be involved in receptor trafficking: phosphoacceptor sites (S/T) and dileucine motifs (LL). Notably, the addition of PAFR and CysLT1 C-tails containing potential phosphoacceptor sites did not prevent the increase in binding site numbers observed with the G291stop BLT1. Moreover, several phosphorylation sites (Thr308, Ser310, Ser313, Ser314, Thr315) within this segment had been mutated without any effect on [3H]LTB4 binding (Ref. 33Gaudreau R. Le Gouill C. Venne M.H. Stankova J. Rola-Pleszczynski M. J. Biol. Chem. 2002; 277: 31567-31576Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (48) Google Scholar and data not shown). Consequently, BLT1 C-tail dileucine motifs were further studied. Characterization of Dileucine Mutant BLT1—Dihydrophobic motifs, such as leucine-valine and leucine-leucine are involved in efficient trafficking of several transmembrane proteins through sorting, localization or internalization signals as observed for the β2-AR and CXCR4 (13Heilker R. Spiess M. Crottet P. Bioessays. 1999; 21: 558-567Crossref PubMed Scopus (121) Google Scholar, 20Gabilondo A.M. Hegler J. Krasel C. Boivin-Jahns V. Hein L. Lohse M.J. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1997; 94: 12285-12290Crossref PubMed Scopus (83) Google Scholar, 21Orsini M.J. Parent J.L. Mundell S.J. Benovic J.L. Marchese A. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 31076-31086Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (209) Google Scholar). Two dileucine motifs are located between residues 291–319 of the BLT1 C-tail. In order to assess whether the dileucines were essential for the WT phenotype, we used site-directed mutagenesis to disrupt Leu292, Leu293, and Leu304, Leu305 in the full-length BLT1. Leucines were substituted to alanines so as to change each motif alone or in combination, generating three new mutant receptors: 2L(292–3)/A, 2L(304–5)/A, and 4L/A mutant BLT1 (Fig. 1B). Again, mutant receptors displayed a higher Kd for LTB4 (respective Kd values: 4.47 ± 1.47 nm, 12.2 ± 3.0 nm, 10.6 ± 2.4 nm) than the WT BLT1 (Table I). LTB4-induced IP accumulation was increased for the 4L/A mutant receptor (136 ± 17%) when compared with the WT (defined as 100%) (Fig. 3A). Interestingly, mutation of the distal dileucine motif 2L(304–5)/A led to a significant increase in IP production upon LTB4 exposure (177 ± 22%), whereas mutation of the proximal motif 2L(292–3)/A had no detectable effect (108 ± 22%). Similar results were also observed in a time course study of IP production (Fig. 3B). We next addressed whether dileucines might regulate BLT1 expression. Saturation binding curves correlated with the IP production, given that the 4L/A and the 2L(304–5)/A mutant receptors showed higher numbers of binding sites at the plasma membrane, but saturation could not be achieved (Fig. 3C). In contrast, WT and the 2L(292–3)/A BLT1 binding sites for LTB4 could be saturated. Overall, these results suggest that leucines 304 and 305 are responsible for the phenotype observed with the G291stop deletion. We assessed the expression levels of Myc-tagged WT and mutant BLT1 at the plasma membrane by flow cytometry analysis. Surprisingly, the mean fluorescence intensity of COS-7 cells expressing each mutant receptor did not significantly vary from that of WT BLT1 (Fig. 4 and Table II). Similar results were observed when the number of Myc+ cells was evaluated (Table II). Thus, the cell surface expression of the protein was not affected by removal of either one or both of the dileucine motifs and hence, the increased binding capacity of the population of receptors was not the consequence of a higher number of cell surface BLT1. Therefore, it could be hypothesized that the distal dileucine motif regulated in some way LTB4 binding or LTB4 mediated activation of BLT1, by an augmentation of the population of receptors in the active state.Table IIExpression of WT and mutant BLT1ReceptorsPo

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(31/38)
TITLE: Induction of Activator Protein-1 through Reactive Oxygen Species by Crystalline Silica in JB6 Cells
ABSTRACT: We reported previously that freshly fractured silica (FFSi) induces activator protein-1 (AP-1) activation through extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases (ERKs) and p38 kinase pathways. In the present study, the biologic activities of FFSi and aged silica (ASi) were compared by measuring their effects on the AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase. The roles of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in this silica-induced AP-1 activation were also investigated. We found that FFSi-induced AP-1 activation was four times higher than that of ASi in JB6 cells. FFSi also caused greater phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase than ASi. FFSi generated more ROS than ASi when incubated with the cells as measured by electron spin resonance (ESR). Studies using ROS-sensitive dyes and oxygen consumption support the conclusion that ROS are generated by silica-treated cells. N-Acetylcysteine (an antioxidant) and polyvinyl pyridine-N-oxide (an agent that binds to Si-OH groups on silica surfaces) decreased AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase. Catalase inhibited phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase, as well as AP-1 activation induced by FFSi, suggesting the involvement of H2O2 in the mechanism of silica-induced AP-1 activation. Sodium formate (an ⋅OH scavenger) had no influence on silica-induced MAPKs or AP-1 activation. Superoxide dismutase enhanced both AP-1 and MAPKs activation, indicating that H2O2, but not O⨪2, may play a critical role in silica-induced AP-1 activation. These studies indicate that freshly ground silica is more biologically active than aged silica and that ROS, in particular H2O2, play a significant role in silica-induced AP-1 activation. We reported previously that freshly fractured silica (FFSi) induces activator protein-1 (AP-1) activation through extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases (ERKs) and p38 kinase pathways. In the present study, the biologic activities of FFSi and aged silica (ASi) were compared by measuring their effects on the AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase. The roles of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in this silica-induced AP-1 activation were also investigated. We found that FFSi-induced AP-1 activation was four times higher than that of ASi in JB6 cells. FFSi also caused greater phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase than ASi. FFSi generated more ROS than ASi when incubated with the cells as measured by electron spin resonance (ESR). Studies using ROS-sensitive dyes and oxygen consumption support the conclusion that ROS are generated by silica-treated cells. N-Acetylcysteine (an antioxidant) and polyvinyl pyridine-N-oxide (an agent that binds to Si-OH groups on silica surfaces) decreased AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase. Catalase inhibited phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase, as well as AP-1 activation induced by FFSi, suggesting the involvement of H2O2 in the mechanism of silica-induced AP-1 activation. Sodium formate (an ⋅OH scavenger) had no influence on silica-induced MAPKs or AP-1 activation. Superoxide dismutase enhanced both AP-1 and MAPKs activation, indicating that H2O2, but not O⨪2, may play a critical role in silica-induced AP-1 activation. These studies indicate that freshly ground silica is more biologically active than aged silica and that ROS, in particular H2O2, play a significant role in silica-induced AP-1 activation. freshly fractured silica aged silica activator protein 1 mitogen-activated protein kinase reactive oxygen species electron spin resonance polyvinyl pyridine-N-oxide hydroxyl radical H2O2, hydrogen peroxide superoxide dismutase extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase DMPO, 5,5-dimethyl-1-pyrroline-N-oxideNAC Eagle's minimum essential medium fetal bovine serum potassium tetraperoxochromate 2′,7′-dichlorodihydrofluorescein diacetate c-Jun N-terminal kinase phosphate-buffered saline analysis of variance Gauss Epidemiological and pathologic studies have established that occupational exposure to crystalline silica is associated with the development of pulmonary silicosis (1Reiser K.M. Last J.A. Toxicology. 1979; 13: 51-72Crossref PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar, 2Craighead J.S. Kleinerman J. Abraham J.L. Gibbs A.R. Green F.H.Y. Harley R.A. Ruettner J.R. Vallyathan N.V. Juliano E.B. Arch. Pathol. Lab. Med. 1988; 112: 673-720PubMed Google Scholar) and an increased risk for lung cancer (2Craighead J.S. Kleinerman J. Abraham J.L. Gibbs A.R. Green F.H.Y. Harley R.A. Ruettner J.R. Vallyathan N.V. Juliano E.B. Arch. Pathol. Lab. Med. 1988; 112: 673-720PubMed Google Scholar, 3McDonald J.C. Castranova V. Silica and Silica-Induced Lung Diseases. CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL1996: 383-406Google Scholar, 4International Agency for Research on Cancer, IARC Monogr. Eval. Carcinog. Risks Chem. Hum., 42, 1987, 1, 239.Google Scholar). Silica, administered by inhalation or intratracheal instillation, has been shown to be carcinogenic in rats (4International Agency for Research on Cancer, IARC Monogr. Eval. Carcinog. Risks Chem. Hum., 42, 1987, 1, 239.Google Scholar, 5Saffiotti U. Williams A.O. Daniel L.N. Kaighn M.E. Mao Y. Shi X. Castranova V. Silica and Silica-Induced Lung Diseases. CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL1996: 345-381Google Scholar, 6Saffiotti U. Prog. Clin. Biol. Res. 1992; 374: 51-69PubMed Google Scholar, 7Simonato L. Saracci R. IARC. Sci. Publ. 1990; 97: 1-5Google Scholar). Intrapleural administration of crystalline silica in rats leads to the induction of localized malignant histiocytic lymphomas (8Wagner M.M.F. Wagner J.C. J. Natl. Cancer Inst. 1972; 49: 81-91PubMed Google Scholar). The pulmonary response to silica, however, was found to vary considerably in different species, with mice developing silicosis but no lung cancer and hamsters just showing storage of silica in lung macrophages with no apparent pathology (4International Agency for Research on Cancer, IARC Monogr. Eval. Carcinog. Risks Chem. Hum., 42, 1987, 1, 239.Google Scholar, 5Saffiotti U. Williams A.O. Daniel L.N. Kaighn M.E. Mao Y. Shi X. Castranova V. Silica and Silica-Induced Lung Diseases. CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL1996: 345-381Google Scholar, 6Saffiotti U. Prog. Clin. Biol. Res. 1992; 374: 51-69PubMed Google Scholar). Human evidence is also controversial regarding the induction of lung cancer in workers exposed to silica (3McDonald J.C. Castranova V. Silica and Silica-Induced Lung Diseases. CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL1996: 383-406Google Scholar). However, based on evidence obtained from studies with laboratory animals and epidemiological studies in humans, the International Agency for Research on Cancer has classified crystalline silica as a class 1 human carcinogen (9International Agency for Research on Cancer, IARC Monogr. Eval. Carcinog. Risks Hum., 68, 1997, 1, 475.Google Scholar). Although crystalline silica is a documented carcinogen, the molecular mechanisms involved in the silica-induced carcinogenesis are unclear. Previous studies have shown that silica causes direct DNA damage and mammalian cell transformation (10Shi X. Mao Y. Daniel L.N. Saffiotti U. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. Environ. Health Perspect. 1994; 102 Suppl. 10: 149-154PubMed Google Scholar, 11Daniel L.N. Mao Y. Williams A.O. Saffiotti U. Scand. J. Work. Environ. Health. 1995; 21 Suppl. 2: 22-26PubMed Google Scholar). Earlier studies have also demonstrated that FFSi1 is capable of generating hydroxyl radicals (⋅OH) upon reaction with aqueous media (12Shi X. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1988; 25: 237-245Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar, 14Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1990; 29: 307-316Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar). Superoxide anion radicals (O⨪2) may also be generated (15Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. Free Radic. Res. Commun. 1990; 9: 259-266Crossref PubMed Scopus (27) Google Scholar). The silicon-based free radicals (Si⋅, SiO⋅, and SiOO⋅) and the associated generation of H2O2 and ⋅OH appear to be involved in the lipid peroxidation and membrane damage (12Shi X. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1988; 25: 237-245Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar, 14Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1990; 29: 307-316Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar, 15Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. Free Radic. Res. Commun. 1990; 9: 259-266Crossref PubMed Scopus (27) Google Scholar). These radicals are also associated with silica-induced DNA damage, for example both strand breakage and hydroxylation of dG residues have been observed (10Shi X. Mao Y. Daniel L.N. Saffiotti U. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. Environ. Health Perspect. 1994; 102 Suppl. 10: 149-154PubMed Google Scholar, 17Shi X. Castranova V. Halliwell B. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health B. Crit. Rev. 1998; 1: 181-197Crossref PubMed Scopus (179) Google Scholar). O⨪2, H2O2, and ⋅OH are generally called reactive oxygen species (ROS). For direct ROS generation via a reaction between silica and aqueous medium in the absence of cells, a relatively large amount of silica particles is needed to generate detectable amounts of ROS. However, silica also can generate ROS via stimulation of cells. In this mechanism of ROS generation, silica induces ROS production as part of the respiratory burst reaction to particles. ROS generated by this mechanism may be responsible for silica-induced activation of the nuclear transcription factor NF-κB (16Chen F. Lu Y. Demers L.M. Rojanasakul Y. Shi X. Vallyathan V. Castranova V. Ann. Clin. Lab. Sci. 1998; 28: 1-13PubMed Google Scholar). However, the mechanism by which ROS from cells stimulated by silica activates AP-1 remains to be investigated fully. Previous studies from our laboratory showed that FFSi causes AP-1 activation both in vitro using cell culture systems andin vivo using transgenic mice (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). AP-1 is a transcription factor that consists of either a Jun-Jun homodimer or a Jun-Fos heterodimer (19Angel P. Karin M. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1991; 1072: 129-157Crossref PubMed Scopus (3256) Google Scholar). Genes regulated by AP-1 have been reported to play an important role in neoplastic transformation, tumor progression, and metastasis (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar, 19Angel P. Karin M. Biochim. Biophys. Acta. 1991; 1072: 129-157Crossref PubMed Scopus (3256) Google Scholar, 20Bernstein L.R. Colburn N.H. Science. 1989; 244: 566-569Crossref PubMed Scopus (206) Google Scholar, 21Barthelman M. Chen W. Gensler H.L. Huang C. Dong Z. Bowden G.T. Cancer Res. 1998; 58: 711-716PubMed Google Scholar, 22Crawford H.C. Matrisian L.M. Enzyme Protein. 1996; 49: 20-37Crossref PubMed Scopus (184) Google Scholar). Blocking 12-O-tetradecanolyphorbol-13-acetate-induced AP-1 activation has been shown to inhibit neoplastic transformation (23Huang C. Ma W. Bowden G.T. Dong Z. J. Biol. Chem. 1996; 271: 31262-31268Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (110) Google Scholar). Inhibition of AP-1 activity in transformed JB6 RT101 cells causes reversion from the tumor phenotype (24Dong Z. Lavrovsky V. Colburn N.H. Carcinogenesis. 1995; 16: 749-756Crossref PubMed Scopus (80) Google Scholar). Furthermore, a recent study, using transgenic mice, has demonstrated that AP-1 transactivation is required for tumor promotion (25Young M.R. Li J.J. Rincon M. Flavell R.A. Sathyanarayana B.K. Hunziker R. Colburn N. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1999; 96: 9827-9832Crossref PubMed Scopus (368) Google Scholar). In light of the important role of AP-1 activation in neoplastic transformation and tumor promotion, we hypothesized that the silica-induced AP-1 activation may play a critical role in silica-induced carcinogenesis. Earlier studies have suggested that FFSi exhibits increased surface reactivity compared with ASi (12Shi X. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1988; 25: 237-245Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar). Because the pulmonary response to silica differs in the chronic and acute presentation of disease, we proposed that at least part of the acute response is due to some unique characteristics of the dust inhaled. Acute silicosis is commonly associated with sandblasting, rock drilling, tunneling, and silica mill operations, i.e. operations in which silica particles are crushed or sheared (2Craighead J.S. Kleinerman J. Abraham J.L. Gibbs A.R. Green F.H.Y. Harley R.A. Ruettner J.R. Vallyathan N.V. Juliano E.B. Arch. Pathol. Lab. Med. 1988; 112: 673-720PubMed Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar). Based on the early reports that FFSi was more surface-reactive than ASi, we proposed that these surface features might be responsible for the enhanced carcinogenic effects of silica in the lung (17Shi X. Castranova V. Halliwell B. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health B. Crit. Rev. 1998; 1: 181-197Crossref PubMed Scopus (179) Google Scholar, 18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). In the present study, the cytotoxic and biologic activities of FFSiversus ASi were investigated by comparing their effects on the phosphorylation of MAPKs and AP-1 activation. In situgeneration of ROS by cells stimulated with silica was studied using fluorescence staining and ESR. Finally, the role of ROS in silica-induced AP-1 activation was evaluated. SOD, N-acetyl-cysteine, DMPO, sodium formate, and PVPNO were purchased from Sigma Chemical Co. (St. Louis, MO). Catalase was purchased from Roche Molecular Biochemicals (Indianapolis, IN). The spin trap, DMPO, was purified by charcoal decolorization and vacuum distillation. DMPO solution, thus purified, did not contain any ESR-detectable impurities. Chelex 100 chelating resin was purchased from Bio-Rad Laboratories (Richmond, CA). The phosphate buffer (pH 7.4) was treated with Chelex 100 to remove transition metal ion contaminants. Eagle's MEM was obtained from Whittaker Biosciences (Walkersville, MD). FBS, gentamicin, andl-glutamine were purchased from Life Technologies, Inc. (Gaithersburg, MD). Luciferase assay substrate was obtained fromPromega (Madison, WI). PhosphoPlus MAPK antibody kits were purchased from New England BioLabs (Beverley, MA). H2DCFDA and dihydroethidium were obtained from Molecular Probes (Eugene, OR). Crystalline silica was obtained from the Generic Center, Pennsylvania State University (State College, PA). The detailed method for preparation of the FFSi has been described elsewhere (14Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1990; 29: 307-316Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar). Briefly, crystalline silica (0.2–10 mm in diameter) was ground for 30 min using a ball grinder equipped with agate mortar and balls. The ground silica was sieved through a 10-μm mesh filter for 20 min before use. Purity was checked using x-ray diffraction spectrometry, and diameter was determined by morphometric analyses, which indicated that fractured silica had a purity of 99.5% and a mean diameter of 3.7 μm. The mouse JB6/AP/κB cell line, which was stably transfected with an AP-1 luciferase reporter plasmid (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar), was cultured in Eagle's MEM containing 5% FBS, 2 mml-glutamine, and 50 μg of gentamicin/ml. A confluent monolayer of JB6/AP/κB cells was trypsinized, and 5 × 104 viable cells (suspended in 1 ml of Eagle's MEM supplemented with 5% FBS) were added to each well of a 24-well plate. Plates were incubated at 37 °C in a humidified atmosphere of 5% CO2. Twelve hours later, cells were cultured in Eagle's MEM supplemented with 0.5% fetal bovine serum for 12–24 h to minimize basal AP-1 activity and then exposed to silica in the same medium to monitor the effects on AP-1 induction. The cells were extracted with 200 μl of 1× lysis buffer provided in the luciferase assay kit by the manufacturer. Luciferase activity was measured using a Monolight luminometer, model 3010 (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). The results were expressed as relative AP-1 activity compared with untreated controls. Immunoblots for phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase were carried out as described in the protocol of New England BioLabs (Beverly, MA), using phospho-specific antibodies against phosphorylated sites of ERKs and p38 kinase. Nonphospho-specific antibodies against ERKs and p38 kinase proteins provided in each assay kit were used to normalize the phosphorylation assay by using the same transferred membrane blot. All ESR measurements were conducted using a Varian E9 ESR spectrometer and a flat cell assembly. Hyperfine couplings were measured (to 0.1 G) directly from magnetic field separation using K3CrO8 and 1,1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl as reference standards. An EPRDAP 2.0 program was used for data acquisition and analysis. Reactants were mixed in test tubes in a final volume of 450 μl. The reaction mixture was then transferred to a flat cell for ESR measurement. The concentrations given in the figure legends are final concentrations. All experiments were performed at room temperature and under ambient air except those specifically indicated. JB6 cells (1 × 106) suspended in 1 ml PBS were incubated with or without silica for 30 min. H2O2 generation was monitored by measuring the change in fluorescence of scopoletin (0.72 mm) in the presence of horseradish peroxidase (6.6 units/ml). Fluorescence was monitored at an excitation wavelength of 350 nm and an emission wavelength of 460 nm using a Cytofluor multiwell plate reader series 4000 (PerSeptive Biosystems Inc., Framingham, MA). Dihydroethidium and H2DCFDA are specific dyes used for staining O⨪2 and H2O2 produced by intact cells (26Zamzami N. Marchetti P. Castedo M. Zanin C. Vayssiere J.L. Petit P.X. Kroemer G. J. Exp. Med. 1995; 181: 1661-1672Crossref PubMed Scopus (1092) Google Scholar, 27Zamzami N. Marchetti P. Castedo M. Decaudin D. Macho A. Hirsch T. Susin S.A. Petit P.X. Mignotte B. Kroemer G. J. Exp. Med. 1995; 182: 367-377Crossref PubMed Scopus (1423) Google Scholar). JB6 cells (2 × 104/well) were seeded onto a glass coverslip in the bottom of a well of a 24-well plate for 24 h. The cells were treated with FFSi or ASi in the presence of dihydroethidium (2 μm) or H2DCFDA (5 μm) for 30 min. The cells were then washed in PBS and fixed with 10% buffered formalin. The glass coverslip was mounted on a microscope slide and observed under a Sarastro 2000 (Molecular Dynamics, Sunnyvale, CA) laser scanning confocal microscope fitted with an argon-ion laser. Oxygen consumption measurements were carried out using a Gilson Oxygraph (Model 516, Gilson Medical Electronics, Middleton WI). Cell concentration was 6.25 × 105/ml, and measurements were made over a period of 10 min. Data presented are the means ± S.E. of values compared and analyzed using a one-way ANOVA. Statistical significance was determined by two-tailed Student's t test for paired data, and considered significant at p ≤ 0.05. Earlier studies have suggested that FFSi was more surface-reactive than aged silica (12Shi X. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1988; 25: 237-245Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar). To explore the differential effects of FFSi and ASi on the induction of AP-1 activity, 5 × 104 JB6 cells were exposed for 24 h to various doses (10–300 μg/ml) of freshly fractured or fractured silica aged for 12 months. The AP-1 activation induced by FFSi was significantly higher than that of ASi in JB6 cells (Fig. 1). FFSi induced significant AP-1 activation at a concentration of 80 μg/ml silica, reaching a maximum activation at 200 μg/ml. The maximum AP-1 induction by FFSi increased 8-fold compared with controls, whereas the maximum AP-1 induction by the silica aged for 12 months increased less than 3-fold compared with controls. These results indicate that FFSi exhibited a greater effect on AP-1 induction than ASi. To further explore the decay of AP-1 induction by silica with time after fracturing (aging), the induction of AP-1 activation by FFSi or fractured silica aged for 2 weeks, 8 weeks, 3 months, 6 months, or 12 months was monitored in the same experiment. JB6 cells (5 × 104) were exposed to 200 μg/ml silica for 24 h, and the luciferase activity was measured as described under "Material and Methods." As shown in Fig. 2, the AP-1 induction by silica was decreased with aging. Silica-induced AP-1 activation decreased by 35%, 65%, or 75% after 8 weeks, 6 months, or 12 months of storage, respectively. The half time for the decrease in the ability of fractured silica to activate AP-1 was proximately 3 months. Fractured silica still produced a 2.5-fold increase in AP-1 induction after 12 months of storage. Previous studies in our laboratory have indicated that silica-induced AP-1 activation is mediated through phosphorylation of MAPKs family members, ERKs and p38 kinases (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). To investigate the effects of FFSi versus ASi on activation of MAPKs, phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinases was examined. JB6 cells cultured in MEM medium in 6-well plates were exposed for 30 min to 150 μg/ml freshly fractured silica or fractured silica aged for different time periods as indicated. Then the cells were lysed by sample buffer and the phosphorylation of ERKs or p38 kinase was analyzed as described in the protocol of New England BioLabs. Phosphorylation of ERKs or p38 kinase was greater after exposure of the cells to FFSi than ASi (Fig.3). These results were correlated with the AP-1 activation induced by FFSi or ASi. Because FFSi was more potent than ASi, we hypothesized that ROS may be involved in silica-induced AP-1 stimulation. To examine this hypothesis, the effects of antioxidants and other reagents on silica-induced AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of MAPKs were investigated. JB6 cells (5 × 104) cultured in 24-well plates were pretreated for 1 h with antioxidants and other reagents. Then the cells were exposed to 150 μg/ml FFSi in the presence of the same reagents for 24 h and the luciferase activity of the cell lysate was tested. The effects of antioxidants and other reagents on silica-induced AP-1 activation are shown in Fig. 4. Catalase, a H2O2-scavenging enzyme, strongly inhibited silica-induced AP-1 activation by 90%. Sodium formate, an ⋅OH radical scavenger, had no effect on the induction. SOD, a O⨪2radical scavenger that generates H2O2, increased the AP-1 activation by 70%. Deferoxamine, a metal ion chelator, had a slight inhibitory effect. N-Acetylcysteine, a thio-containing antioxidant, or PVPNO, which binds to silanol groups on the silica surface, significantly inhibited the AP-1 induction. Similar results were obtained for the effects of these reagents on silica-induced phosphorylation of p38 kinase and ERKs. Catalase, a H2O2 scavenger, inhibited both p38 kinase and ERKs phosphorylation induced by silica, whereas SOD, which generates H2O2, enhanced the phosphorylation (Fig.5, A and B). In contrast, formate, a ⋅OH scavenger, was ineffective. These results suggest that H2O2 might be the mediator for stimulation of p38 and ERKs signal transduction pathways leading to AP-1 induction.Figure 5Effect of antioxidant reagents on silica-induced phosphorylation of p38 kinase and ERKs. JB6 P+ cells were cultured in 5% FBS MEM medium in 6-well plates until 80% confluent and then cultured in 0.1% FBS MEM medium for 24 h. The cells were then exposed to 150 μg/ml FFSi in the presence of various antioxidants or other reagents as indicated. The concentrations of the reagents used were: catalase, 10,000 units/ml; sodium formate, 2 mm; SOD, 500 units/ml; PVPNO, 50 μg/ml. The cells were lysed and phosphorylated, and nonphosphorylated p38 kinase protein (A) and ERKs proteins (B) were assayed using a PhosphoPlus MAPKs kit from New England BioLabs. The phosphorylated and nonphosphorylated proteins were analyzed by using the same transferred membrane blot following a stripping procedure.View Large Image Figure ViewerDownload Hi-res image Download (PPT) To confirm that ROS are involved in silica-induced AP-1 activation, ESR spin trapping was used to detect ROS generation during cellular reactions in the presence of silica (28Rosen G.M. Finkelstin E. Adv. Free Radic. Biol. Med. 1985; 1: 345-375Crossref Scopus (103) Google Scholar, 29Britigan B.E. Rosen G.M. Thompson B.Y. Chai Y. Cohen M.S. J. Biol. Chem. 1986; 261: 17026-17032Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Google Scholar). Freshly fractured silica or JB6 cells alone did not generate any detectable radical signal (Fig.6, a and b). Whereas freshly ground silica plus JB6 cells generated a spin adduct signal (Fig. 6 c) consisting of a 1:2:2:1 quartet with hyperfine splitting of aN =aH = 14.8 G, where aN andaH denote hyperfine splitting of the nitroxyl nitrogen and α-hydrogen, respectively. Based on this splitting and the 1:2:2:1 line shape, the spectrum was assigned to the DMPO-OH adduct, which is an example of ⋅OH radical generation. Catalase significantly decreased this signal, indicating the importance of H2O2 (Fig. 6 d). Addition of SOD failed to inhibit the signal (Fig. 6 e). Addition of H2O2 increased the signal intensity (Fig.6 f). Because DMPO-OH signal may be generated by a mechanism other than ⋅OH trapping (30Keisuke M. Akifumi H. Hiroshi I. Akira M. Masatoshi N. Can. J. Chem. 1992; 70: 2818-2827Crossref Google Scholar), spin trapping competition experiments were performed for verification of ⋅OH generation. In these experiments the ⋅OH radical abstracts a hydrogen atom from formate, resulting in a decrease of DMPO-OH spin adduct signal intensity. As shown in Fig. 6 g, addition of formate indeed reduced the signal intensity, showing that ⋅OH radicals were generated and trapped in the reaction system. Addition of deferoxamine, which chelates the metal ions such as Fe(II) to make them less reactive toward H2O2, also decreased the signal intensity (Fig. 6 h), indicating that a metal-mediated Fenton or Fenton-like reaction plays a key role in ⋅OH generation from the silica-stimulated cells. Addition ofN-acetyl-l-cysteine, a general antioxidant, decreased the adduct signal (Fig. 6 i). Incubation of silica aged for 1 year with the cells produced only a very week signal (Fig.6 j). The above results suggest that H2O2 might play a key role on silica-induced AP-1 and MAPK activation (Figs. 4 and5). Next, we measured the H2O2 generation by JB6 cells upon stimulation with silica. JB6 cells were incubated with FSi (1 mg/ml) for 30 min, and the generation of H2O2 was measured as described under "Materials and Methods." As shown in Fig.7, the generation of H2O2 by JB6 cells treated with FSi was markedly increased compared with untreated control cells. Catalase substantially inhibited silica-induced H2O2 generation by JB6 cells. In contrast, SOD had no significant effect. These results are parallel and comparable with the studies on the effect of catalase and SOD on silica-induced AP-1 and MAPK activation (Figs. 4 and 5). The data also provide more evidence for the important role of H2O2 on silica-induced AP-1 activation. To further confirm the ROS generation by JB6 cells stimulated with silica, cells treated with silica were analyzed by intracellular staining for H2O2 and O⨪2. H2DCFDA, a specific fluorescent dye for H2O2, and dihydroethidium, a specific fluorescent dye for O⨪2, were applied to cells to monitor ROS generation. In the presence of FFSi, the fluorescent signals of both H2O2 and O⨪2 were dramatically increased within 30 min after treatment of the cells (Fig. 8). In the presence of silica aged for 1 year, the signals were substantially less intense than those for the cells treated with FFSi (Fig. 8). Fluorescence was displayed using a pseudo-color intensity scale where low intensity sites appear blue, and increasingly high intensity areas are displayed as green, yellow, red, orwhite. The above results indicate that O⨪2 and H2O2 are generated during the interaction of JB6 cells with silica. If this is the case, exposure of the cells to silica should result in an increased rate of oxygen consumption. To test this hypothesis the rate of oxygen consumption by JB6 cells (6.25 × 105) in the presence or absence of fresh or aged silica was monitored using a Gilson Oxygraph. The results are presented in Fig. 9. Cells alone consumed molecular oxygen at a steady basal rate, whereas in the presence of FFSi oxygen consumption increased by 33%. Dismutation of O⨪2by SOD resulted in about half the amount of O2 consumption (data not shown). In contrast, when cells were incubated with 1-year-old ASi, the oxygen consumption was no significantly different from the basal level. In the presence of PVPNO, the oxygen consumption by the cells treated with FFSi was significantly decreased. Crystalline silica is a recently designated carcinogen and is strongly associated with silicosis, but the molecular and cellular mechanisms involved in the silica-induced pathogenesis are not fully understood (3McDonald J.C. Castranova V. Silica and Silica-Induced Lung Diseases. CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL1996: 383-406Google Scholar, 17Shi X. Castranova V. Halliwell B. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health B. Crit. Rev. 1998; 1: 181-197Crossref PubMed Scopus (179) Google Scholar). We hypothesize that silica-mediated free radical reactions may cause a persistent oxidative stress in the lung and play a key role in the mechanism of silica-induced carcinogenesis. Most of the studies concerning the role of ROS in silica-induced cytotoxicity have been limited to lipid peroxidation, DNA damage, and other critical changes in noncellular systems (10Shi X. Mao Y. Daniel L.N. Saffiotti U. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. Environ. Health Perspect. 1994; 102 Suppl. 10: 149-154PubMed Google Scholar, 11Daniel L.N. Mao Y. Williams A.O. Saffiotti U. Scand. J. Work. Environ. Health. 1995; 21 Suppl. 2: 22-26PubMed Google Scholar, 12Shi X. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1988; 25: 237-245Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar, 14Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1990; 29: 307-316Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar). However, our previous study has shown that silica induces AP-1 activation in cell and animal models through ERKs and p38 kinase pathways (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). In the present study, we show that ROS is the mediator for silica-induced AP-1 activation. By comparing of AP-1 activation induced by FFSi versus ASi, we found that AP-1 activation induced by FFSi was 4-fold higher than that of silica fractured and aged for 1 year. The enhanced potency of FFSi was also exhibited for silica-induced phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase. We also demonstrate that H2O2, formed during the interaction of silica with the cells, might be a reactive intermediate responsible for silica-induced AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of MAPKs. The results from the present study show that silica-induced AP-1 activation involves ROS-mediated reactions. A major role of H2O2 in silica-induced AP-1 activation is supported by the following observations: (a) catalase, whose function is to remove H2O2, blocked the AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of MAPKs; (b) SOD, which converts O⨪2 to H2O2, enhanced AP-1 activation; (c) sodium formate, a scavenger of ⋅OH radical, did not exhibit any effect; and (d) treatment of cells with freshly fractured silica resulted in a 9.5-fold increase in H2O2 production. As for ROS generation, it may be noted that our earlier studies (12Shi X. Dalal N.S. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1988; 25: 237-245Crossref PubMed Scopus (96) Google Scholar, 13Vallyathan V. Shi X.L. Dalal N.S. Irr W. Castranova V. Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 1988; 138: 1213-1219Crossref PubMed Scopus (265) Google Scholar, 14Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. J. Toxicol. Environ. Health. 1990; 29: 307-316Crossref PubMed Scopus (61) Google Scholar, 15Dalal N.S. Shi X. Vallyathan V. Free Radic. Res. Commun. 1990; 9: 259-266Crossref PubMed Scopus (27) Google Scholar) have shown that FFSi generates silicon-based radicals (Si⋅, SiO⋅,and SiOO⋅). These silicon radicals can generate ROS upon reaction with aqueous medium. The present study shows that silica is also able to generate ROS via stimulation of cells and that this ROS production occurs at a lower concentration of silica than in noncellular systems. During these processes, molecular oxygen was consumed to generate O⨪2 radical, which produced H2O2 by dismutation. H2O2 generated the ⋅OH radical via a Fenton or Fenton-like reaction. The following experimental observations support the above pathway of ROS generation from silica-stimulated cells: (a) Oxygen consumption assay showed that silica-stimulated cells consumed molecular oxygen; (b) both O⨪2 and H2O2 were generated as measured by fluorescence staining of silica-exposed cells; (c) ESR spin trapping studies showed that ⋅OH radicals were generated; (d) catalase inhibited the signal, whereas H2O2 enhanced it; (e) addition of SOD, whose function is to remove O⨪2, did not substantially alter ⋅OH generation; and (f) addition of deferoxamine, which chelates metal ions such as Fe(II) to make them less reactive toward H2O2, reduced ⋅OH generation. The signal transduction pathways leading to AP-1 activation and the possible involvement of ROS were also investigated in the present study. It is well known that stress-related signals, such as UV radiation or ROS, induce the activation of MAPK pathways. ERKs, JNKs, and p38 are important signal transduction pathways involved in AP-1 activation, and AP-1 is one of the downstream targets of these three MAPK members. An earlier study has shown that FFSi caused phosphorylation of ERKs and p38, but not JNKs (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). The results obtained from the present study show that FFSi caused phosphorylation of both p38 and MAPKs to a greater degree than that induced by ASi. Moreover, catalase inhibited the silica-induced phosphorylation of ERKs and p38 kinase, suggesting that H2O2 is required in the phosphorylation process. These results further suggest that H2O2 plays a key role in AP-1 activation. It should be noted that PVPNO significantly inhibited silica-induced AP-1 activation and phosphorylation of MAPKs. SiOH groups on the silica surface have been proposed to be involved in silica-induced cellular damage. Chemical modification of the silica surface can be used to reduce toxicity in vitro and fibrosis in vivo(31Vallyathan V. Mega J.F. Shi X. Dalal N.S. Am. J. Respir. Cell Mol. Biol. 1992; 6: 404-413Crossref PubMed Scopus (162) Google Scholar). It is known that when silica particles are exposed to water, surface silicon-oxygen bonds (Si–O) are hydrated, resulting in the formation of SiOH groups. PVPNO is able to bind to SiOH groups. It has been reported that PVPNO inhibits silica-induced toxicity and decreases or delays the development of silicosis in experimental animals and humans. It also blocks the interaction of the silica surface with phosphate groups of DNA in vitro. It has been reported that PVPNO inhibits silica-induced ROS generation in cells (31Vallyathan V. Mega J.F. Shi X. Dalal N.S. Am. J. Respir. Cell Mol. Biol. 1992; 6: 404-413Crossref PubMed Scopus (162) Google Scholar, 32Castranova V. Castranova V. Silica and Silica-Induced Lung Diseases. CRC Press, Boca Raton, FL1996: 293-298Google Scholar). The present study used mouse epidermal cells as an in vitromodel system. These epidermal cells were employed, because they exhibit a stronger although qualitatively similar response compared with bronchial epithelial cells (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). Furthermore, in our previous studies, we have shown that in vivo responses in transgenic mice were qualitatively similar to studies in epidermal cells (18Ding M. Shi X. Dong Z. Chen F. Lu Y. Castranova V. Vallyathan V. J. Biol. Chem. 1999; 274: 30611-30616Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (94) Google Scholar). Our studies show that FFSi particles are much more potent in inducing AP-1 activation than are ASi. Upon stimulation by silica, JB6 cells are able to generate a whole spectrum of ROS. Compared with a direct reaction between silica with aqueous medium, the yield of ROS generation from silica-stimulated cells is much higher. Among the ROS produced, H2O2 appears to be the species responsible for silica-induced AP-1 activation. Our novel findings suggest that ROS may play a key role in silica-induced oncogene stimulation. Because oncogene stimulation is thought to be involved in carcinogenesis, there is a need to study further the mechanisms involved in this process.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(32/38)
TITLE: Ecological Communities: Interaction linkages produced by plant-mediated indirect effects
ABSTRACT: Preface Part I. Introduction: 1. Indirect interaction webs: an introduction Takayuki Ohgushi, Timothy P. Craig and Peter W. Price Part II. Interaction Linkages Produced by Plant-mediated Indirect Effects: 2. Plant-mediated interactions in herbivorous insects: mechanisms, symmetry, and challenging the paradigms of competition past Robert F. Denno and Ian Kaplan 3. Going with the flow: plant vascular systems mediate indirect interactions between plants, insect herbivores and hemi-parasitic plants Susan E. Hartley, Kathy A. Bass and Scott N. Johnson 4. Plant-mediated effects linking herbivory and pollination Judith L. Bronstein, Travis E. Huxman and Goggy Davidowitz 5. Trait-mediated indirect interactions, density-mediated indirect interactions and direct interactions between mammalian and insect herbivores Jose M. Gomez and Adela Gonzales-Megias 6. Insect-mycorrhizal interactions: patterns, processes and consequences Alan C. Gange Part III. Plant-mediated Indirect Effects in Multitrophic Systems: 7. Plant-mediated interactions between below- and aboveground processes: decomposition, herbivory, parasitism and pollination Katja Poveda, Ingolf Steffan-Dewenter, Stefan Scheu and Teja Tscharntke 8. Bottom-up cascades induced by fungal endophytes in multitrophic systems Enrique J. Chaneton and Marina Omacini 9. Ecology meets plant physiology: herbivore-induced plant responses and their indirect effects on arthropod communities Maurice W. Sabelis, Junji Takabayashi, Arne Janssen, Merijn Kant, Michiel van Wijk, Beata Sznajder, Nayanie Aratchige, Izabela Lesna, Belen Belliure and Robert C. Schuurink Part IV. Plant-mediated Indirect Effects on Communities and Biodiversity: 10. Nontrophic, indirect interaction webs of herbivorous insects Takayuki Ohgushi 11. Effects of arthropods as physical ecosystem engineers on plant-based trophic interaction webs Robert J. Marquis and John T. Lill 12. Host plants mediated ant-aphid mutualisms and their effects on community structure and diversity Gina M. Wimp and Thomas G. Whitham 13. Biodiversity is related to indirect interactions among species of large effect Joseph K. Bailey and Thomas G. Whitham Part V. Evolutionary Consequences of Plant-mediated Indirect Effects: 14. Evolution of plant-mediated interactions among natural enemies Timothy P. Craig 15. Linking ecological and evolutionary change in multitrophic interactions: assessing the evolutionary consequences of herbivore-induced changes in plant traits David M. Althoff Part VI. Synthesis: 16. Indirect interaction webs propagated by herbivore-induced changes in plant traits Takayuki Ohgushi, Timothy P. Craig and Peter W. Price.

On Topic (Y/N):  Y

(33/38)
TITLE: Resource discovery versus resource domination in ants: a functional mechanism for breaking the trade‐off
ABSTRACT: The importance of competition in structuring natural communities is often a contentious issue, but not for myrmecologists (Hölldobler & Wilson 1990). Perhaps because eusociality buffers colonies against predation and the physical environment, and because so many ants act as generalized scavengers and exudate-feeders, competition appears to be ubiquitous in ant communities. In Hölldobler and Wilson's review of this subject, for example, factors ranging from overt aggression to over-dispersion of colonies, over-dispersion and complementarity of traits, exclusion experiments, and natural and experimental introductions, are cited as evidence for competition. With the importance of competition largely resolved, a question arising naturally is whether there exist regularities in the assembly of communities of ants contesting many of the same resources. Wilson (1971) anticipated this question in his early recognition of three categories of ants: opportunists, insinuators, and extirpators. Opportunists specialize in exploitative competition, i.e. in discovering food quickly and exploiting it before other ants arrive. In contrast, extirpators dominate food finds aggressively, and insinuators insert themselves inconspicuously to thieve food from the behavioural dominants. As Wilson was quick to point out, the strategies can vary intraspecifically and be context dependent (see also, e.g. Morrison 1996). A decade ago, working with a community of woodland ants, Fellers (1987) took these ideas further by postulating an evolutionary trade-off between resource discovery (finding and using resources in advance of competitors) and behavioural dominance of resources, once located (attacks and/or avoidance) (Fig. 1). Fellers equated discovery ability with the more familiar exploitative competition, and recognized behavioural dominance at baits as encounter competition by Schoener's (1983) classification (Box 1). Encounter competition was considered to be a component of interference competition, which also includes territoriality, a trait not exhibited by any of Fellers' ants. In her study of temperate woodland ants, Fellers found that, except at distances very near the colony, rates of discovery of food baits were independent of distance to the colony but characteristic of particular species. A suite of three exploitative competitors found baits rapidly, but nearly always relinquished them to more dominant species. A pair of encounter species was usually the last to arrive at baits, but almost invariably controlled them once found. The three remaining species exhibited intermediate characteristics in both resource discovery and behavioural dominance at baits (Fig. 1). Species interacted frequently over food baits; more than half of the interspecific encounters in Fellers' study resulted in some form of encounter competition, evaluated as aggression (fights or chases) or avoidance. In data from Fellers (1987; Table 17), dominance rankings appear to be inversely correlated with discovery rankings. The pattern suggests that an evolutionary trade-off between interference and exploitative competitive ability (interference including only behavioural dominance in encounter interactions) may facilitate coexistence of ants in a temperate woodland community. Evolutionary trade-offs between exploitative competitive ability and behavioural dominance may be common in ant communities, as well as occurring in social bees (Nagamitsu & Inoue 1997) and even solitary vertebrates (Brown et al. 1994). Such trade-offs may permit the coexistence of species that span the range of expression of these negatively correlated traits (Fellers 1987; Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989; Morrison 1996; Holway in pressa). For example, a pattern similar to that in Fig. 1 has recently been documented by Holway (in pressa) for native ants in riparian woodlands within California's Central Valley. Interestingly, however, a non-native invader of these communities (Linepithema humile, the introduced Argentine ant) was not bound by the trade-off between exploitative and encounter competition, and was gradually replacing the native ant fauna. Not only did L. humile find artificial baits more quickly, but it dominated them more consistently than did the natives. Moreover, behavioural dominance by L. humile was correlated with numerical dominance to consolidate the ecological dominance of this species (Box 1). Indeed, wherever L. humile had replaced the native ants, total worker numbers exceeded those summed over all species in adjacent areas lacking L. humile (Holway in pressb). The capacity of Argentine ants to break the trade-off between exploitative competitive ability and behavioural dominance can be viewed from the broader perspective of other exotic or native ant species that may have done the same. Thus, to the extent that coexistence in native ant communities depends on the trade-off, the replacement of native ant communities by exotic species may imply that, like L. humile, other exotics may have broken the trade-off. For example, where introduced to the southern United States, fire ants (Solenopsis invicta) are replacing many native ants in the introduced range of this species (Porter & Saviganano 1990). A possible factor in the success of this pest is that, whereas native ants are beset by various natural enemies, like species-specific parasitoids (Diptera, Phoridae), which reduce their capacity to dominate baits, the range expansion by S. invicta has occurred in the absence of natural enemies that restrain its activities in its native range (Orr et al. 1995). An absence of natural enemies in the introduced range might also explain the success of Argentine ants in North America (Orr & Seike 1997). If behavioural dominance (or encounter ability) increases conspicuousness to natural enemies, e.g. if recruitment and/or alarm pheromones attract such enemies, then the trade-off between exploitative and interference competition might be accounted for wholly or in part by a trade-off between behavioural dominance and susceptibility to enemies (see also F. R. Adler, unpublished data). In the absence of natural enemies, ants are then free to evolve behavioural dominance as well as exploitative competitive ability. This explanation, however appealing for invasive ant species, is less likely to account for cases where certain ant species have become ecologically dominant in their own native habitats, i.e. in the presence of natural enemies with which they have evolved. For example, at boreal latitudes, communities of taiga ants typically include not only aggressive, non-territorial species (Fellers 1987, encounter species and Wilson 1971, extirpators) and relatively submissive species (including Fellers' exploitative competitors and Wilson's opportunists and insinuators), but also territorial dominants in the Formica rufa-group (Vepsäläinen 1982; Box 1). Whereas submissives defend just their nest sites (type I territoriality), and extirpators defend both nests and food finds (type II territoriality), territorial dominants defend real spatial territories against most extirpators and some submissives (type III territoriality, Vepsäläinen 1982). As in L. humile, behavioural dominance is correlated with numerical dominance (Vepsäläinen 1982; Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989). Similarly, in lowland tropical rain forests, a suite of ecologically dominant ants defends interspecific territories that contribute to a mosaic of different ant communities in the arboreal zone (reviewed in Wilson 1971; Hölldobler & Wilson 1990). Each of the various dominants is associated with a particular set of subordinate ant species, as well as with other arboreal arthropods, which have been ecologically sorted or have evolved for their abilities to coexist with the ecological dominants (see also Morrison 1996). Thus, some subset of Wilson's (1971) extirpators and Fellers's (1987) encounter species has evolved the capacity to defend space as well as food resources. In these species, territoriality augments encounter interactions as another form of interference competition (Morrison 1996; Davidson 1997; Box 1). Behavioural dominance is again positively correlated with numerical dominance (Vepsäläinen 1982; see also Morrison 1996). Ecological dominance of ant communities by spatially territorial species, to the exclusion of many or even all other ants, is also characteristic of other natural ant faunas. It occurs, for example, in mangroves (Cole 1983) and in arid Australia (Greenslade 1979), as well as on islands invaded by, or comprising entirely, introduced species (Fluker & Beardsley 1970; Clark et al. 1982; Morrison 1996). Do these ecological dominants use territoriality to break the trade-off between exploitative competitive ability and behavioural dominance? This appears likely for dominant ant-garden ants of western Amazonia. Together, Camponotus femoratus and Crematogaster limata var. parabiotica co-inhabit arboreal carton nests and forage together in a relationship called parabiosis (Davidson 1988), a term that is rightly still non-committal as to the fitness consequences for the two species. In 1984, D. W. Davidson (unpublished data) placed a total of forty cheese baits and forty honey baits out in the lower arboreal zones (< 3 m high) of five different ant-garden areas (eight baits per area), and found that one or the other or both of these species were the first ants to discover thirty-seven of forty cheese baits and thirty-four of thirty-six honey baits (four honey baits were not discovered during the census). Despite their proficiency in locating baits (and despite attacks by phorid flies), by the end of 60-min sampling periods these same ants eventually dominated all thirty-six of the honey baits and thirty-nine of forty cheese baits (personal observation). Together with exploitative and encounter competition, interspecific territoriality by one or both of the ant-garden ants (Davidson 1988, 1997) almost certainly contributed to the abilities of these species to both discover and control baits. Across ants as a whole, defence of actual spatial territories is highly correlated with ecological dominance. It is typical of many exotic pest species (articles in Williams 1994), including L. humile (Holway in pressa), as well as of dominants in rain forest canopy and taiga communities. If territoriality enables ants to break the trade-off between resource discovery and resource domination, one might ask why all ants are not territorial. In the following section, I explore functional constraints other than those involving increased vulnerability to natural enemies (see, e.g. F. R. Adler, unpublished data). Are there constraints on the evolution of territoriality and ecological dominance, and, if so, what mechanistic features of ant biology might be involved? Neither large worker body size, nor potent chemical weaponry alone is sufficient to account for behavioural dominance. Thus, although behavioural dominance was somewhat correlated with body size in Fellers's (1987) study, rapid recruitment by ants often compensates for small size, allowing behavioural dominance to parallel colony size closely (e.g. Holway in pressa). Fellers also noted that two of the dominant formicines employed offensive chemical weaponry (formic acid) in contests with other ants. However, a dolichoderine (Tapinoma sessile), also chemically defended, remained the second most subordinate species. Futhermore, in Holway's (in pressa) study, the offensive and defensive exocrine product of L. humile was no more powerful or effective in repelling native ants than was the similarly concentrated exocrine product of another chemically-defended species. Chemical weaponry is widespread among ant taxa, and the possession of such weaponry cannot in itself ensure behavioural dominance. Older and recent studies are converging on the theory that phylogeny influences the capacity for breaking the trade-off between exploitative and encounter competition, and for gaining ecological dominance. Thus, in various geographical realms, dominants include representatives of a restricted number of ant subfamilies and genera (Vepsäläinen 1982; Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989; Anderson 1992; Davidson & Patrell-Kim 1996; Davidson 1997). At relatively high latitudes, most are members of the Formicinae [wood ants in the Formica rufa group (Vepsäläinen 1982; Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989)], and formicines are also prominent among encounter species in temperate woodlands [species of Camponotus, Formica, Lasius and Prenolepis (Fellers 1987)]. In both taiga and lower latitude temperate woodlands, many of the encounter species are also formicines, whereas myrmicines play subordinate or submissive roles (Fellers 1987; Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989). Ecological dominants of arid Australia come mainly from the Dolichoderinae (mostly Iridomyrmex), and again myrmicines tend to be subordinate (Greenslade 1979; Anderson 1992). Finally, in the tropical arboreal zone, ecological dominants include both formicines and dolichoderines, but also two myrmicine genera (Crematogaster and Myrmicaria, the latter in localized areas only). At least one ponerine (Paraponera clavata) may be evolving in that direction (Davidson 1997). What characteristics particular to these taxa might have facilitated the evolution of behavioural and numerical dominance? Eisner (1957) showed many years ago that formicines and many dolichoderines are particularly well adapted to benefit from liquid foods. Together with a distensible crop, modifications to the proventriculus (= gizzard) from the plesiomorphic state in more predatory ants, allow energetically efficient storage of large volumes of such foods. These key innovations to the structure connecting the crop (or social stomach) to the worker's individual stomach, or midgut, almost certainly evolved independently in the two subfamilies. They differentiate these taxa from most other ants and aculeate Hymenoptera, which require relatively expensive muscular contractions to hold liquid food. More recently, DeMoss (1973) observed functionally similar, but morphologically distinctive, adaptations in the proventriculus of Crematogaster, a myrmicine relying extensively on liquid foods (plant and homopteran exudates). The proventriculus has not been studied in Myrmicaria or Paraponera clavata, but because P. clavata transports exudates in the mandibles, modifications to the proventriculus are not expected (Davidson 1997). The evolution of more efficient means of storing and processing liquid food may have primed these ant taxa for increasing specialization on liquid diets, which are high in carbohydrates but very low in protein and amino acids (nitrogen) (Davidson 1997; see also White 1993). All of the territorial dominants whose diets are well studied are known to feed extensively on exudates (Davidson & Patrell-Kim 1996; Davidson 1997). This is true even for myrmicine genera (e.g. Pheidole and Monomorium), in which just a subset of species are exudate-feeders (Jahn & Beardsley 1994; Vail & Williams 1994). Despite very low concentrations of nitrogenous compounds in plant tissues (e.g. White 1993), comparisons of δ15N values provide evidence that a number of such specialized exudate-feeders obtain their nitrogen lower in the trophic chain than do more predatory species in the same habitats (Davidson & Patrell-Kim 1996). This result is consistent with Tobin's (1994) hypothesis that the extraordinary abundance of ants in tropical canopy samples occurs because the ants feed mainly as herbivores, rather than as predators. Moreover, a few ant species contribute disproportionately to the abundance of ants in canopy samples, and numerical dominance occurs mainly among heavy exudate users (Davidson & Patrell-Kim 1996; Davidson 1997). Across these same taxa, reductions in protein-rich exoskeleton may also facilitate rapid colony growth, despite nitrogen-poor diets (Davidson & Patrell-Kim 1996). How might all of this relate to trade-offs between rates of discovery and dominance of food resources? In processing the exudate volumes needed to concentrate nitrogen from the low amounts in exudates, ants obtain large quantities of carbohydrates, in excess of those that can be paired with protein for colony growth. Faced with this resource imbalance, ants might use excess carbohydrates at little cost for activities that enhance protein gain. A resource-balance model (Davidson 1997), similar to those used by plant biologists (Bryant et al. 1985), suggests that, among ecologically dominant ants of the tropical arboreal zone, excess carbohydrate appears to be directed toward: (1) high tempo activity (rapid motion; Oster & Wilson 1978), associated with high dynamic densities (Hölldobler & Wilson 1990) of workers and, presumably, rapid rates of resource discovery, (2) defence of absolute spatial territories, and (3) investment in nitrogen-free (or mainly carbon-based) offensive and defensive chemical weaponry (Fig. 2). (Contributions to carbon-based recruitment chemistry are also a possibility; Davidson 1997.) Whereas the latter two functions enhance interference ability, the first should be correlated directly with rates of resource discovery, i.e. with exploitative competitive ability. Thus, evolutionary innovations providing carbohydrates in excess may enable these ants to be masters of all trades in competition for limiting nitrogen. Although these arguments were made for ecological dominants of rain forest canopies, they might also apply to temperate-zone dominants and many exotic pest species that rely heavily on homopteran exudates (Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989; Porter & Saviganano 1990; Williams 1994; Holway in pressa). Two contemporary phylogenetic hypotheses (after Baroni-Urbani et al. 1992; Shattuck 1992) for relationships among the subfamilies of ants (after Davidson 1997). Extinct ant subfamilies were omitted from the tree on the left. Notations to the right of ant taxa: E = exudate-feeders; P = proventriculus modified (or possibly modified in Crematogaster) for handling large liquid volumes, or? = structure unknown; NF = alarm/defence exocrine products are nitrogen-free (or mainly carbon-based in Myrmicaria). Formicines and Dolichoderines may or may not be sister taxa, sharing some of the focal attributes through a common ancestor. However, Eisner (1957) believes that modifications of the proventriculus evolved independently in the two groups. Also, because alarm–defence chemicals differ in the two subfamilies (formic acid in formicines, and acyclic ketones, cyclopentanoid monoterpenes, di-substituted acetophenones, orcinol, and iridoids in dolichoderines) and are products of different glands (poison gland in formicines and pygidial gland in dolichoderines), nitrogen-free defences probably evolved independently in the two taxa. Nitrogen limitation is not unique to ants. White (1993), for example, has argued cogently that it is broadly characteristic of herbivorous invertebrate and vertebrate consumers. White views nitrogen limitation as a mainly density-independent selection pressure, to which organisms have adapted in myriad and independent ways. However, many ecologists might disagree, countering that differences in mode of nitrogen acquisition could represent the evolutionary outcome of past competition for limiting nitrogen. The example from ants appears to show that dietary excesses of carbohydrates might have been employed in evolutionary battles over limiting nitrogen, allowing particular taxa to push the trade-off curve (Fig. 1) upward and to the right. This phenomenon might have parallels in the evolutionary history of life on earth. Thus, in the progression from unicellular organisms to ectothermic and then endothermic vertebrates, metabolic rates have increased in a stepwise fashion from ancient to more recent groups (Hemmingsen 1960). This pattern, perhaps indicative of an anagenic trend towards greater energy expenditure per unit of body weight, may reflect a long-term evolutionary trend for selection to favour organisms that have evolved to procure and/or use energy sources to compete more effectively for limiting protein (see also Brown 1995), and to break the dominance/discovery trade-off. Even within ant taxa characterized by a proventriculus modified for exudate-feeding, substantial variation exists in the degree of behavioural and numerical dominance (Fellers 1987; Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989; Davidson & Patrell-Kim 1996; Davidson 1997). For example, just a small subset of species in such taxa has achieved the degree of ecological dominance typical of interspecifically territorial species in the tropical dominance mosaics; excess carbohydrates therefore appear to be a necessary but not sufficient condition for behavioural and numerical dominance (Davidson 1997). Although additional requisites are as yet poorly defined, factors likely to be important are polydomy (multiple nests per colony, virtually ubiquitous in ecological dominants of both terrestrial and arboreal zones) (Savolainen & Vepsäläinen 1989; Williams 1994; Davidson 1997; Holway in pressa) and an ability to nest opportunistically (Hölldobler & Wilson 1990). Polydomy provides the economy of taking the colony to the resource (Hölldobler & Lumsden 1980), including relatively stationary, exudate-producing Homoptera, and of matching worker numbers precisely to resource abundance (McIver 1991). Moreover, it enables high nest densities and pre-emption of space that might otherwise be available to heterospecifics (Hölldobler & Wilson 1990). In the rain forest canopy, nest constructions of carton or silk, or of leaves bound by carton or silk, allow colonies of arboreal species to track food resources closely, rather than the availability of suitable nests (Davidson 1997), e.g. in dead wood, which may be most abundant at low and relatively unproductive levels of the canopy. Within terrestrially-nesting species, the expression of dominance may be contingent on the availability of suitable nest sites (Fluker & Beardsley 1970). Finally, in addition to polydomy, many of the ecologically-dominant ant species, and most of the invasive species, are characterized by polygyny (multiple egg-laying queens per colony), reproduction mainly or entirely by budding or fissioning (associated with lower mortality than reproduction by solitary queens), and unicoloniality (populations lacking behaviourally maintained boundaries among colonies; Williams 1994; Davidson 1997; Holway in pressa). [Among tropical ecological dominants, Oecophylla and some Azteca appear to be exceptions with respect to all three characteristics (Davidson 1997)]. Because polygyny breaks down within-colony relatedness, it may be requisite for the evolution of unicoloniality. Once evolved, unicoloniality allows worker exchanges that may be important in matching foraging activities precisely to resource levels, and permits relatively rapid and risk-free pre-emption of space in comparison with reproduction by winged sexuals (Hölldobler & Wilson 1990). Remarkably fast growth and high colony and worker densities in unicolonial species could reflect the lower investment in both winged sexuals and intraspecific competitive interactions. Much more study is needed to determine the extent to which carbohydrate : nitrogen imbalances, polydomy, polygyny, and unicoloniality, acting separately or in combination, influence ecological dominance and allow particular species to overcome potential evolutionary trade-offs between exploitative and interference competition. Preliminary data are encouraging, however; both introduced Argentine ants and native ant-garden ants appear to have broken the trade-off, and these as well as many other spatially territorial, ecological dominants rely extensively on exudate resources (contributions to Williams 1994; Davidson 1997). The build-up of large homopteran populations may be essential to the maintenance of a large standing crop of workers, whose activities are funded mainly by carbohydrate. Moreover, homopteran tending and territoriality may even be causally linked to polygyny, budding, and unicoloniality, because the benefits of inheriting territories devoid of competitors and rich in Homoptera select for members of the female reproductive caste to remain with their natal colonies, rather than attempting independent colony founding (Rosengren et al. 1993). In at least one species, food supplements have also been shown to break down the genetic integrity of colonies (Herbers 1993), and one might speculate that a similar phenomenon might occur with the build-up of ant-tended homopteran populations. Finally, my interpretation of the discovery/dominance trade-off focuses narrowly on competitive mechanisms for breaking the trade-off. Other potential mechanisms arise from viewing the relationship in Fig. 1 as a trade-off between resource-collection ability and vulnerability to natural enemies (Orr et al. 1995; Orr & Seike 1997; F. R. Adler, unpublished data). Adler (unpublished data) has also modelled evolutionary aspects of the trade-off, including the very different consequences of competition involving interference vs. exploitative mechanisms. I am greatly indebted to David A. Holway for long discussions of the ideas presented here, for key references, and for his review of an earlier draft of the manuscript. Linda Patrell-Kim prepared Fig. 1. NSF grants RII-8310359, BSR-9003079, and DEB-9123668 helped to generate the ideas discussed here. Accepted18 March 1998

On Topic (Y/N):  Y

(34/38)
TITLE: Functional Requirements for Inhibition of Thrombin by Antithrombin III in the Presence and Absence of Heparin
ABSTRACT: Mutation of 79 highly exposed amino acids that comprise approximately 62% of the solvent accessible surface of thrombin identified residues that modulate the inhibition of thrombin by antithrombin III, the principal physiological inhibitor of thrombin. Mutations that decreased the susceptibility of thrombin to inhibition by antithrombin III in the presence and absence of heparin (W50A, E229A, and R233A) also decreased hydrolysis of a small tripeptidyl substrate. These residues were clustered around the active site cleft of thrombin and were predicted to interact directly with the "substrate loop" of antithrombin III. Despite the large size of antithrombin III (58 kDa), no residues outside of the active cleft were identified that interact directly with antithrombin III. Mutations that decreased the susceptibility of thrombin to inhibition by antithrombin III in the presence but not in the absence of heparin (R89A/R93A/E94A, R98A, R245A, K248A, K252A/D255A/Q256A) in general did not also affect hydrolysis of the tripeptidyl substrate. These residues were clustered among a patch of basic residues on a surface of thrombin perpendicular to the face containing the active site cleft and were predicted to interact directly with heparin. Three mutations (E25A, R178A/R180A/D183A, and E202A) caused a slight enhancement of inhibition by antithrombin III. Mutation of 79 highly exposed amino acids that comprise approximately 62% of the solvent accessible surface of thrombin identified residues that modulate the inhibition of thrombin by antithrombin III, the principal physiological inhibitor of thrombin. Mutations that decreased the susceptibility of thrombin to inhibition by antithrombin III in the presence and absence of heparin (W50A, E229A, and R233A) also decreased hydrolysis of a small tripeptidyl substrate. These residues were clustered around the active site cleft of thrombin and were predicted to interact directly with the "substrate loop" of antithrombin III. Despite the large size of antithrombin III (58 kDa), no residues outside of the active cleft were identified that interact directly with antithrombin III. Mutations that decreased the susceptibility of thrombin to inhibition by antithrombin III in the presence but not in the absence of heparin (R89A/R93A/E94A, R98A, R245A, K248A, K252A/D255A/Q256A) in general did not also affect hydrolysis of the tripeptidyl substrate. These residues were clustered among a patch of basic residues on a surface of thrombin perpendicular to the face containing the active site cleft and were predicted to interact directly with heparin. Three mutations (E25A, R178A/R180A/D183A, and E202A) caused a slight enhancement of inhibition by antithrombin III. Vascular injury or inflammation results in the activation of thrombin (1Rosenberg R.D. Stamatoyannopoulos Nienhuis A.W. Leder P. Majerus P.W. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders Co., Philadelphia, PA1987: 534-574Google Scholar, 2Jackson C.M. Nemerson Y. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1980; 49: 765-811Google Scholar). Thrombin cleaves and activates multiple substrates to mediate hemostasis through fibrin clot formation and platelet aggregation (3Mann K.G. Lundblad R.L. Colman R.W. Hirsh J. Marder V.J. Salzman E.W. Hemostasis and Thrombosis. 2nd Ed. Lippincott, Philadelphia, PA1987: 148-161Google Scholar, 4Mann K.G. Jenny R.J. Krishnaswamy S. Annu. Rev. Biochem. 1988; 57: 915-956Google Scholar, 5Gailani D. Broze J. George J. Science. 1991; 253: 909-912Google Scholar, 6Vu T.-K.H. Hung D.T. Wheaton V.I. Coughlin S.R. Cell. 1991; 64: 1057-1068Google Scholar, 7Lorand L. Radek J.T. Berliner L.J. Thrombin Structure and Function. 1st Ed. Plenum Press, Columbus, OH1992: 257-270Google Scholar) and also regulates blood coagulation by activating the anticoagulant protein C pathway (8Esmon C.T. Science. 1987; 235: 1348-1352Google Scholar). The predominant mechanism for the clearance of thrombin is through inhibition by antithrombin III (ATIII), 1The abbreviation used is: ATIII, antithrombin III. 1The abbreviation used is: ATIII, antithrombin III. a member of the family of serine protease inhibitors known as serpins (1Rosenberg R.D. Stamatoyannopoulos Nienhuis A.W. Leder P. Majerus P.W. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders Co., Philadelphia, PA1987: 534-574Google Scholar, 9Olson S.T. Bjork I. Berliner L.J. Thrombin Structure and Function. Plenum Press, New York1992: 159-217Google Scholar, 10Broze Jr G.J. Tollefsen D.M. Stamatoyannopoulos G. Nienhuis A.W. Majerus P.W. Varmus H. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders, Philadelphia1994: 629-656Google Scholar, 11Liu L. Dewar L. Song Y. Kulczycky M. Blajchman M.A. Fenton J.W., II Andrew M. Delorme M. Ginsberg J. Preissner K.T. Ofosu F.A. Thromb. Haemostasis. 1995; 73: 405-412Google Scholar). The physiological importance of this process is illustrated by the observation that individuals possessing inherited ATIII deficiency or insufficiency are subject to recurrent thrombosis (12Perry D.J. Carrell R.W. Hum. Mutat. 1996; 7: 7-22Google Scholar). ATIII is a 58-kDa glycoprotein that inhibits thrombin in two kinetically distinct steps: the formation of a weak initial complex followed by rapid conversion to a stable complex (13Olson S.T. Shore J.D. J. Biol. Chem. 1982; 257: 14891-14895Google Scholar). Based on the crystal structures of ATIII (14Mourey L. Samama J.P. Delarue M. Choay J. Lormeau J.C. Petitou M. Moras D. Biochimie. 1990; 72: 599-608Google Scholar) and other serpins in cleaved (15Löbermann H. Tokuoka R. Deisenhofer J. Huber R. J. Mol. Biol. 1984; 177: 531-556Google Scholar, 16Huber R. Carrell R.W. Biochemistry. 1989; 28: 8951-8966Google Scholar) and uncleaved (17Stein P.E. Leslie A.G. Finch J.T. Turnell W.G. McLaughlin P.J. Carrell R.W. Nature. 1990; 347: 99-102Google Scholar) forms, inhibition has been proposed to proceed through the recognition of the Arg393-Ser394bond in an exposed loop of ATIII as a substrate. However, upon cleavage, a conformational change in the inhibitor has been proposed to result in the trapping of the enzyme either as a tetrahedral intermediate or as an acyl-enzyme. Unlike the intermediate typically formed with substrates, the intermediate formed between thrombin and ATIII is stable and resistant to hydrolysis perhaps due to the conformational change which may exclude water from the active site (9Olson S.T. Bjork I. Berliner L.J. Thrombin Structure and Function. Plenum Press, New York1992: 159-217Google Scholar). The rate-limiting step in the inhibition of thrombin by ATIII is the formation of the initial complex (∼2 × 105m−1 min−1) which can be accelerated by 3 orders of magnitude (∼2 × 108m−1 min−1) in the presence of the glycosaminoglycan, heparin. Acceleration by heparin appears to be mediated by two processes. The formation of a binary complex between ATIII and heparin induces a conformational change in ATIII that enhances association with thrombin and the interaction of heparin with binding sites on both thrombin and ATIII in the ternary complex slows the dissociation of the initial complex. The analysis of naturally occurring mutants of ATIII has allowed extensive assignment of structure-function relationships. Mutations that affect inhibition of thrombin appear to fall into three functional classes that are spatially distinct (9Olson S.T. Bjork I. Berliner L.J. Thrombin Structure and Function. Plenum Press, New York1992: 159-217Google Scholar, 10Broze Jr G.J. Tollefsen D.M. Stamatoyannopoulos G. Nienhuis A.W. Majerus P.W. Varmus H. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders, Philadelphia1994: 629-656Google Scholar, 12Perry D.J. Carrell R.W. Hum. Mutat. 1996; 7: 7-22Google Scholar, 16Huber R. Carrell R.W. Biochemistry. 1989; 28: 8951-8966Google Scholar, 18Pratt C.W. Church F.C. Semin. Hematol. 1991; 28: 3-9Google Scholar). Mutations that map to the substrate loop of ATIII perturb direct interactions with thrombin and result in diminished potency or altered specificity of inhibition. Mutation of a cluster of positively charged residues that stretches from the base of the A helix across the D helix and extends toward the substrate loop affects heparin binding. Mutations in the sequences flanking the substrate loop limit the conformational change that accompanies inhibition and cause a loss of inhibitory activity or convert ATIII into a substrate. Mutations involving residues outside of the substrate loop of ATIII that are directly involved in interactions with thrombin have not been described. The predominant structural features of the thrombin molecule include a deep canyon-like active site cleft formed between extended loops Leu46-Asn57 and Leu144-Gly155 that sterically restricts the substrate specificity of thrombin and two positively charged surfaces termed exosites I and II that are involved in supplementary interactions with many macromolecular substrates and inhibitors of thrombin (19Bode W. Turk D. Karshikov A. Protein Sci. 1992; 1: 426-471Google Scholar, 20Furie B. Bing D.H. Feldmann R.J. Robison D.J. Burnier J.P. Furie B.C. J. Biol. Chem. 1982; 257: 3875-3882Google Scholar). In analogous fashion to the characterization of ATIII, the analysis of the interaction of thrombin with ATIII has focused on the recognition of the substrate loop of ATIII by the active site cleft (21Le Bonniec B.F. Guinto E.R. Esmon C.T. J. Biol. Chem. 1992; 267: 19341-19348Google Scholar, 22Le Bonniec B.F. Guinto E.R. MacGillivray R.T.A. Stone S.R. Esmon C.T. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 19055-19061Google Scholar, 23Le Bonniec B.F. Guinto E.R. Stone S.R. Biochemistry. 1995; 34: 12241-12248Google Scholar, 24Bouton M.-C. Plantier J.-L. Dembak M. Guillin M.-C. Rabiet M.-J. Jandrot-Perrus M. Eur. J. Biochem. 1995; 229: 526-532Google Scholar, 25Rezaie A.R. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 1918-1924Google Scholar) and the binding of heparin to exosite II (26Church F.C. Pratt C.W. Noyes C.M. Kalayanamit T. Sherrill G.B. Tobin R.B. Meade J.B. J. Biol. Chem. 1989; 264: 18419-18425Google Scholar, 27Sheehan J.P. Sadler J.E. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1994; 91: 5518-5522Google Scholar, 28Gan Z.-R. Li Y. Chen Z. Lewis S.D. Shafer J.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 1301-1305Google Scholar, 29Ye J. Rezaie A.R. Esmon C.T. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17965-17970Google Scholar, 30Sheehan J.P. Tollefsen D.M. Sadler J.E. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 32747-32751Google Scholar). No studies have identified direct interactions between residues outside of the active site cleft of thrombin and ATIII. We were interested in characterizing the interaction of thrombin with ATIII because naturally occurring mutations within the functional epitope may predispose individuals to thrombotic disease just as analogous functionally deficient variants of ATIII are prothrombotic (10Broze Jr G.J. Tollefsen D.M. Stamatoyannopoulos G. Nienhuis A.W. Majerus P.W. Varmus H. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders, Philadelphia1994: 629-656Google Scholar, 12Perry D.J. Carrell R.W. Hum. Mutat. 1996; 7: 7-22Google Scholar). In addition, the in vivo potency of a novel class of anticoagulant agents, where thrombin has been genetically engineered to function selectively as an activator of endogenous protein C (31Gibbs C.S. Coutré S.E. Tsiang M. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Law V.S. Mao C.T. Matsumura S.Y. Mejza S.J. Paborsky L.R. Leung L.L.K. Nature. 1995; 378: 413-416Google Scholar, 32Tsiang M. Paborsky L.R. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Mao C.T. Dunn K.E. Lee D.W. Matsumura S.Y. Matteucci M.D. Coutré S.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 16449-16457Google Scholar, 33Dang Q.D. Guinto E.R. Di Cera E. Nat. Biotechnol. 1997; 15: 146-149Google Scholar), can be modulated by altering clearance by ATIII. To identify residues on thrombin that are important for inhibition by ATIII, including residues outside of the active site cleft, we constructed a library of site-directed mutants of thrombin in which a total of 79 residues that are most exposed on the surface of thrombin were mutated to alanine (34Tsiang M. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Rojas M.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 16854-16863Google Scholar). This library of mutants was screened for its sensitivity to inhibition by ATIII in the presence and absence of heparin and the functional requirements for ATIII inhibition were compared with those required for the hydrolysis of a small peptidyl substrate that interacts only with the active site cleft. The human prothrombin gene was inserted into the expression vector pRc/CMV (Invitrogen). Codons for the 79 polar and charged amino acids that displayed greater than 35% fractional accessibility to a solvent probe of radius 1.4 Å were mutated to alanine by oligonucleotide-directed mutagenesis. Mutant prothrombin in conditioned medium from transiently transfected COS-7 cells was concentrated by ultrafiltration, processed to thrombin by Echis carinatus venom, and quantitated by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. All these methods have been described in detail previously (32Tsiang M. Paborsky L.R. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Mao C.T. Dunn K.E. Lee D.W. Matsumura S.Y. Matteucci M.D. Coutré S.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 16449-16457Google Scholar,34Tsiang M. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Rojas M.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 16854-16863Google Scholar). Thrombin mutants in conditioned media were first assayed for amidolytic activity at 100 μm S-2238 (H-d-Phe-Pip-Arg-p-nitroanilide) in 20 mm Tris, pH 8.3, 150 mm NaCl. An amount of mutant thrombin that gave a change in absorbance of 0.01A 405/min was then used for each substrate concentration point for the K m determination. The final concentration of thrombin in the reaction was ∼0.74 nm for most mutants. The initial rates of S-2238 hydrolysis were measured, by monitoring the absorbance change at 405 nm, at the following substrate concentrations: 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 70, and 100 μm. Kinetic parameters,k cat and K m were determined by fitting the Michaelis-Menten equation to the data. Thrombin mutants were rapidly screened for resistance to inhibition by ATIII by diluting 0.5 pmol of thrombin mutant in selection buffer (20 mm Tris acetate, pH 7.5, 140 mm NaCl, 5 mm KCl, 1 mmMgCl2, 1 mm CaCl2) plus 0.1 μg/ml bovine serum albumin and 4.5 μg/ml Polybrene (to neutralize any contaminating heparinoids) in quadruplicate wells of a 96-well microtiter plate. The final reaction volume was 100 μl. Purified human ATIII (Enzyme Research Laboratories) was added to duplicate wells to a final concentration of 1.0 μm. The inhibition reaction was incubated at 25 °C for 30 min and then stopped by the addition of 100 μm of the chromogenic substrate S-2238. The chromogenic substrate served a dual purpose, halting the inhibition reaction by competition and providing a means of quantitating the residual activity due to uninhibited thrombin. This was accomplished by monitoring the change in absorbance at 405 nm over a 2-min interval. Percent inhibition was calculated from the ratio of activity remaining in the presence versus the absence of ATIII. Under these conditions, wild-type thrombin was inhibited by 99%. Selected thrombin mutants were analyzed in more detail to determine the second-order rate constants for inhibition by ATIII alone. Between 2 and 5 pmol of each thrombin mutant was diluted into 200 μl of selection buffer plus 0.1 μg/ml bovine serum albumin and 4.5 μg/ml Polybrene containing 0.5–5 μm ATIII. The reaction was incubated at 25 °C and at regular intervals over a 30-min time course 20-μl samples were withdrawn and diluted into 180 μl of 100 μm S-2238 to terminate the reaction. The rate of hydrolysis of S-2238 due to residual uninhibited thrombin was determined by monitoring the change in absorbance at 405 nm. Under these pseudo-first order conditions the time course of inhibition was fitted to the equation: Et= E 0 e −k′t, whereE 0 is the thrombin activity at timet = 0, E t is the thrombin activity at time t, and k′ is the observed pseudo-first order rate constant. The second-order rate constant of inhibition (k 2) was calculated by dividing k′ by the ATIII concentration. Inhibition by ATIII in the presence of heparin was performed in the presence of competing substrate (S-2238) as described previously (30Sheehan J.P. Tollefsen D.M. Sadler J.E. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 32747-32751Google Scholar). Briefly, 150 nm ATIII, 0.2 unit/ml heparin, and 150 μm S-2238 were premixed in 590 μl of reaction buffer containing: 20 mm Tris acetate, pH 7.5, 140 mm NaCl, 5 mm KCl, 1 mmMgCl2, 1 mm CaCl2, and 0.1% PEG-8000. This mixture was added to a spectrophotometric cuvette containing 10 μl of 300 nm mutant thrombin (final concentration of 5 nm), and hydrolysis of S-2238 was immediately measured for 2 min. The pseudo-first order rate constant of inhibition k′ was determined by curve fitting as described previously (32Tsiang M. Paborsky L.R. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Mao C.T. Dunn K.E. Lee D.W. Matsumura S.Y. Matteucci M.D. Coutré S.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 16449-16457Google Scholar). The second-order rate constant,k 2, was determined from k′ after correcting for substrate competition using the K m value of S-2238 hydrolysis (32Tsiang M. Paborsky L.R. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Mao C.T. Dunn K.E. Lee D.W. Matsumura S.Y. Matteucci M.D. Coutré S.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 16449-16457Google Scholar). Most of the thrombin mutants hydrolyzed the tripeptidyl chromogenic substrate S-2238 with catalytic efficiencies (k cat/K m) comparable to that of wild-type thrombin (∼40 s−1μm−1). Only 3 mutants (W50A, N53A/T55A, and E229A) displayed catalytic efficiencies that were reduced by greater than 5-fold relative to wild-type thrombin (Table I). Asn53 is the sole site of N-linked glycosylation in thrombin and its substitution may affect the thermal stability of mutant N53A/T55A (data not shown).Table IKinetic parameters of S-2238 hydrolysis by thrombin mutantsMutation1-aResidues numbered consecutively from the start of the thrombin B chain. Residues in the A chain are numbered consecutively and indicated by a lowercase "a." Mutations are described by: residue type mutated, residue number mutated, residue type substituted. Single-letter code for amino acids is used.Chymotrypsinogen numbering1-bNumbering according to crystallographic convention with respect to bovine chymotrypsinogen.k catK mk cat/K ms −1μms −1μm −1Wild-type119 ± 132.98 ± 0.4340 ± 10S4aA/E6aA/D8aA1E, 1C, 1A259 ± 74.47 ± 0.3358 ± 6K17aA/K18aA/S19aA9, 10, 11104 ± 44.39 ± 0.5424 ± 4K23aA14A93 ± 65.24 ± 0.8418 ± 4R26aA14D95 ± 53.77 ± 0.6225 ± 5E27aA14E64 ± 33.16 ± 0.5720 ± 5E30aA/D34aA14H, 14L161 ± 94.16 ± 0.7039 ± 9E3A/D6A18, 21191 ± 83.05 ± 0.4463 ± 12R20A35101 ± 53.43 ± 0.5929 ± 7K21A36107 ± 53.03 ± 0.5035 ± 7S22A37121 ± 53.35 ± 0.4436 ± 6Q24A38125 ± 64.02 ± 0.5431 ± 6E25A39193 ± 84.17 ± 0.5446 ± 8D35A49112 ± 74.11 ± 0.8027 ± 7R36A50114 ± 53.05 ± 0.5037 ± 8W50A60D138 ± 1525 ± 46 ± 1D51A60E250 ± 143.80 ± 0.6666 ± 15K52A60F102 ± 74.08 ± 0.7925 ± 6N53A/T55A60G, 60I78 ± 911 ± 27 ± 3N57A62130 ± 74.56 ± 0.7128 ± 6D58A63151 ± 53.64 ± 0.4342 ± 6R62A67133 ± 74.56 ± 0.7129 ± 6K65A70139 ± 73.97 ± 0.6235 ± 7H66A71127 ± 76.12 ± 0.8021 ± 4R68A73103 ± 44.37 ± 0.5024 ± 4T69A74151 ± 83.63 ± 0.6342 ± 9R70A75110 ± 42.55 ± 0.3443 ± 7Y71A76140 ± 63.74 ± 0.5337 ± 7R73A77A90 ± 44.31 ± 0.6221 ± 4N74A78116 ± 53.10 ± 0.4037 ± 6K77A81116 ± 53.25 ± 0.4436 ± 6E82A/K83A86, 87149 ± 163.20 ± 0.5246 ± 13R89A/R93A/E94A93, 97, 97A67 ± 44.31 ± 0.7615 ± 4R98A101113 ± 52.32 ± 0.4549 ± 12K106A109114 ± 92.52 ± 0.7745 ± 17K107A11083 ± 53.01 ± 0.6628 ± 8D113A116130 ± 43.59 ± 0.3436 ± 4Y114A11796 ± 53.26 ± 0.5730 ± 7D122A/R123A/E124A125, 126, 127160 ± 73.50 ± 0.4746 ± 8S128A/Q131A129B, 131100 ± 73.10 ± 0.7432 ± 10K145A/T147A/W148A145, 147, 14879 ± 33.40 ± 0.3923 ± 3T149A/N151A149, 149B107 ± 43.13 ± 0.4434 ± 6K154A149E68 ± 33.41 ± 0.4820 ± 4S158A153105 ± 43.14 ± 0.4533 ± 6E169A/K174A/D175A164, 169, 170129 ± 74.29 ± 0.6930 ± 6R178A/R180A/D183A173, 175, 178114 ± 712 ± 110 ± 1D193A/K196A186A, 186D97 ± 53.93 ± 0.6025 ± 5E202A192131 ± 79 ± 115 ± 3N216A/N217A204B, 205215 ± 75.33 ± 0.4640 ± 5E229A217144 ± 853 ± 62.7 ± 0.4R233A22177 ± 45.41 ± 0.7714 ± 3D234A222108 ± 64.08 ± 0.6827 ± 6R245A233103 ± 44.21 ± 0.4525 ± 3K248A236104 ± 43.42 ± 0.4830 ± 6Q251A239159 ± 74.10 ± 0.5339 ± 7K252A/D255A/Q256A240, 243, 244160 ± 62.02 ± 0.3379 ± 161-a Residues numbered consecutively from the start of the thrombin B chain. Residues in the A chain are numbered consecutively and indicated by a lowercase "a." Mutations are described by: residue type mutated, residue number mutated, residue type substituted. Single-letter code for amino acids is used.1-b Numbering according to crystallographic convention with respect to bovine chymotrypsinogen. Open table in a new tab All 56 mutants were screened for inhibition by ATIII both in the presence and absence of heparin. Heparin-independent ATIII inhibition was determined at a single time point and expressed as percent inhibition. For ATIII inhibition in the presence of 0.2 unit/ml heparin, the second-order rate constant of inhibition k 2 was determined (Fig.1). Three mutants, W50A, E229A, and R233A were more resistant to inhibition by ATIII in the absence of heparin compared with wild-type thrombin. Predictably, these same three mutants were also refractory to heparin-dependent ATIII inhibition (Fig.1). In addition to the three mutants above, there were five additional mutants (R89A/R93A/E94A, R98A, R245A, K248A, and K252A/D255A/Q256A) that were refractory to ATIII inhibition only in the presence of heparin. Three other mutants (E25A, R178A/R180A/D183A, and E202A) displayed slightly increased sensitivity toward heparin-dependent ATIII inhibition (Fig. 1). The eight mutants found to be refractory to ATIII inhibition in the absence or presence of heparin were further analyzed in a time course assay for inhibition by ATIII alone. The second-order rate constant of inhibition in the absence of heparin,k 2, was determined and reported together with the k 2 for heparin-dependent ATIII inhibition (Table II). The k 2 of mutants W50A, E229A, and R233A was decreased by 6.3–14.7-fold for heparin-independent ATIII inhibition and similarly by 8.3–14.4-fold for heparin-dependent inhibition (Table II). These three mutations most probably weakened direct interactions between thrombin and ATIII.Table IIThrombin mutants resistant to inhibition by antithrombin IIIMutationk 2 × 10−5(ATIII)k 2 × 10−8 (ATIII + heparin)2-aHeparin was used at 0.2 unit/ml.m −1·min −1m −1·min −1Wild-type2.40 ± 0.10 (100)2-bThe values in parenthesis represent the fold decrease in rate relative to wild-type thrombin.2.16 ± 0.08 (1.00)Mutants with reduced inhibition by ATIII in the presence and absence of heparinW50A0.163 ± 0.005 (14.7)0.26 ± 0.01 (8.31)E229A0.384 ± 0.036 (6.25)0.15 ± 0.00 (14.4)R233A0.222 ± 0.018 (10.8)0.25 ± 0.03 (18.7)Mutants with reduced inhibition by ATIII in the presence of heparin onlyR89A/R93A/E94A1.06 ± 0.05 (2.26)0.10 ± 0.03 (21.6)R98A2.32 ± 0.22 (1.03)0.11 ± 0.05 (19.6)R245A2.85 ± 0.26 (0.84)0.28 ± 0.03 (7.71)K248A2.28 ± 0.18 (1.05)<0.05 (>43)K252A/D255A/Q256A3.36 ± 0.29 (0.71)0.06 ± 0.06 (36.0)2-a Heparin was used at 0.2 unit/ml.2-b The values in parenthesis represent the fold decrease in rate relative to wild-type thrombin. Open table in a new tab The k 2 for mutants R89A/R93A/E94A, R98A, R245A, K248A, and K252A/D255A/Q256A was similar to that of the wild-type for heparin-independent ATIII inhibition but was decreased by 7.7–43-fold for heparin-dependent ATIII inhibition. These mutants were most probably weakened in their interactions with heparin. Heparin acceleration of ATIII inhibition of mutant K248A was unmeasureable at 0.2 unit/ml heparin. However, heparin-dependent inhibition of K248A by ATIII was detectable when the concentration of heparin was increased by 5-fold (1.0 units/ml) although reduced 14.6-fold relative to wild-type thrombin at the same increased concentration of heparin (data not shown). Three thrombin mutants (E25A, R178A/R180A/D183A, and E202A) which displayed increased sensitivity to heparin-dependent ATIII inhibition were also further analyzed in a time course assay for inhibition with ATIII alone. The second-order rate constant of inhibition,k 2, were reported in Table III. Whether in the absence or presence of heparin, the increase ink 2 was 1.5–2.2-fold, suggesting that these mutations probably enhanced the interaction of thrombin with ATIII.Table IIIThrombin mutants with enhanced sensitivity to inhibition by antithrombin IIIMutationk 2 × 10−5(ATIII)k 2 × 10−8 (ATIII + heparin)3-aHeparin was used at 0.2 unit/ml.m −1·min −1Wild-type2.40 ± 0.10 (1.00)3-bThe values in parentheses represent the fold increase in rate relative to wild-type thrombin.2.16 ± 0.08 (1.00)E25A5.15 ± 0.24 (2.15)3.76 ± 0.18 (1.74)R178A/R180A/D183A3.97 ± 0.22 (1.65)3.27 ± 0.36 (1.51)E202A4.39 ± 0.16 (1.82)4.76 ± 0.39 (2.20)3-a Heparin was used at 0.2 unit/ml.3-b The values in parentheses represent the fold increase in rate relative to wild-type thrombin. Open table in a new tab A library of thrombin mutants was screened to probe the structural requirements for the interaction of thrombin with antithrombin III, the most physiologically significant inhibitor of thrombin. The 79 amino acid residues mutated are in the upper quartile of thrombin residues in terms of their exposure to solvent and account for approximately 62% of the total solvent accessible surface area of thrombin. Therefore this study represents a comprehensive analysis because it focuses on the residues most likely to be available for interactions with other macromolecules and benefits from the supposition that the surface residues of proteins are more tolerant to sequence variation (35Bowie J.U. Reidhaar-Olson J.F. Lim W.A. Sauer R.T. Science. 1990; 247: 1306-1310Google Scholar) and thus their substitution is less likely to cause nonspecific structural perturbations. Mutations that influenced the recognition of ATIII had three distinct phenotypes and the residues substituted in each class were clustered in three distinct spatial locations on the surface of thrombin. Three mutations decreased the susceptibility of thrombin to inhibition by ATIII in both the presence and absence of heparin. The residues substituted in these mutants (Trp50, Glu229, and Arg233) were predicted to be involved in direct interactions with ATIII. These residues were clustered around the active site cleft of thrombin and most likely contact the exposed substrate loop of ATIII (Fig. 2). This interpretation is supported by the observation that the mutation of these residues also significantly decreased the recognition of a small tripeptidyl substrate, S-2238. Notably, there were no residues outside of the active site cleft that were identified as interacting directly with ATIII. This is notable in light of the well known propensity of thrombin to utilize exosite interactions for the recognition of macromolecular substrates and inhibitors including fibrinogen, platelet thrombin receptor, protein C, thrombomodulin, and hirudin (19Bode W. Turk D. Karshikov A. Protein Sci. 1992; 1: 426-471Google Scholar, 20Furie B. Bing D.H. Feldmann R.J. Robison D.J. Burnier J.P. Furie B.C. J. Biol. Chem. 1982; 257: 3875-3882Google Scholar, 34Tsiang M. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Rojas M.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 16854-16863Google Scholar,36Bode W. Stubbs M.T. Semin. Thromb. Hemostasis. 1993; 19: 321-333Google Scholar). ATIII is a large protein (58 kDa) yet thrombin recognizes it as it recognizes a tripeptidyl substrate, utilizing the active site cleft alone to interact with the exposed substrate loop. In previous studies, deletions of three residues in the two loops that define the active site cleft of thrombin, Pro48-Trp50 (22Le Bonniec B.F. Guinto E.R. MacGillivray R.T.A. Stone S.R. Esmon C.T. J. Biol. Chem. 1993; 268: 19055-19061Google Scholar, 23Le Bonniec B.F. Guinto E.R. Stone S.R. Biochemistry. 1995; 34: 12241-12248Google Scholar) and Glu146-Trp148 (21Le Bonniec B.F. Guinto E.R. Esmon C.T. J. Biol. Chem. 1992; 267: 19341-19348Google Scholar) decreased the rate of association with ATIII by 100- and 350-fold, respectively. These deletions also had large effects on the hydrolysis of peptidyl and other substrates suggesting the possibility that some proportion of their effects may be attributable to nonspecific structural perturbations caused by the introduction of a relatively unwieldy mutation in close proximity to the active site. Subsequent substitution of Trp50 with alanine decreased the on-rate of ATIII by 13-fold in the absence of heparin and 7-fold in the presence of heparin (25Rezaie A.R. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 1918-1924Google Scholar) and single substitutions of Trp148 and Lys154 in the Leu144-Gly155 loop had insignificant effects on the recognition of ATIII (24Bouton M.-C. Plantier J.-L. Dembak M. Guillin M.-C. Rabiet M.-J. Jandrot-Perrus M. Eur. J. Biochem. 1995; 229: 526-532Google Scholar), which is in close agreement with this study. The substrate specificity of thrombin has been shown to respond allosterically to Na+ binding (37Dang Q.D. Vindigni A. Di Cera E. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1995; 92: 5977-5981Google Scholar) and the Na+free form is less sensitive to inhibition by ATIII both in the presence and absence of heparin (38Di Cera E. Guinto E.R. Vindigni A. Dang Q.D. Ayala Y.M. Wuyi M. Tulinsky A. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 22089-22092Google Scholar). X-ray crystallography revealed that the Na+ ion is coordinated by the carbonyl oxygens of Tyr190, Arg233, and Lys236 and mutation of Arg233 and Lys236 and flanking residues Asp232, Asp234, and Tyr237(33Dang Q.D. Guinto E.R. Di Cera E. Nat. Biotechnol. 1997; 15: 146-149Google Scholar, 38Di Cera E. Guinto E.R. Vindigni A. Dang Q.D. Ayala Y.M. Wuyi M. Tulinsky A. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 22089-22092Google Scholar) decreased the response to Na+ and decreased sensitivity to inhibition by ATIII. Therefore the effects of substituting Arg233 and Glu229 (which is salt-bridged to Lys236) on inhibition by ATIII observed in our study may be partially mediated through undefined conformational changes that result from perturbing Na+ binding. Alternatively, the effects of Na+ binding may be mediated by perturbing the conformation of the side chains of Glu229and Arg233 which may be in direct contact with ATIII. The second class of mutations was composed of those that displayed resistance to inhibition by ATIII in the presence of heparin but not in the absence of heparin. The residues substituted in these mutants (Arg89, Arg93, Glu94, Arg98, Arg245, Lys248, Lys252, Asp255, Glu256) are candidates for those involved in direct interactions with heparin. These residues are clustered on a surface of thrombin perpendicular to the face containing the active site cleft (Fig. 2). Many of these residues are included in the cluster of basic amino acids that is referred to as thrombin exosite II (19Bode W. Turk D. Karshikov A. Protein Sci. 1992; 1: 426-471Google Scholar). Previous studies (26Church F.C. Pratt C.W. Noyes C.M. Kalayanamit T. Sherrill G.B. Tobin R.B. Meade J.B. J. Biol. Chem. 1989; 264: 18419-18425Google Scholar, 29Ye J. Rezaie A.R. Esmon C.T. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 17965-17970Google Scholar) have implicated several of these residues (Arg89, Arg93, Arg98, Arg245, Lys248, Lys252) in the recognition of heparin, including two studies (27Sheehan J.P. Sadler J.E. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1994; 91: 5518-5522Google Scholar, 28Gan Z.-R. Li Y. Chen Z. Lewis S.D. Shafer J.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 1301-1305Google Scholar) where positively charged amino acids in exosite II were substituted with negatively-charged glutamic acid. Because some of the effects of these non-conservative mutations may be due to the detrimental effects of introducing a residue of opposite charge, the observation of similar defects following replacement with the small neutral amino acid alanine in our study confirms the likely role of these residues in electrostatic interactions with the negatively charged glycosaminoglycan. Several additional basic residues (Arg123, Arg170, Lys174, Arg178, Arg180) have been included in the structural definition of exosite II (19Bode W. Turk D. Karshikov A. Protein Sci. 1992; 1: 426-471Google Scholar) due to their spatial proximity to the residues listed above. Lys174 was protected from chemical modification by heparin (26Church F.C. Pratt C.W. Noyes C.M. Kalayanamit T. Sherrill G.B. Tobin R.B. Meade J.B. J. Biol. Chem. 1989; 264: 18419-18425Google Scholar) and non-conservative substitution of Arg180 with glutamic acid decreased the efficiency of heparin catalyzed inhibition by ATIII (28Gan Z.-R. Li Y. Chen Z. Lewis S.D. Shafer J.A. J. Biol. Chem. 1994; 269: 1301-1305Google Scholar). However, none of these residues were implicated in the recognition of heparin following substitution with alanine (Fig. 1). The third class of mutations was composed of those that displayed slightly enhanced sensitivity to inhibition by ATIII both in the presence and absence of heparin (Table III). The residues substituted in these mutants (Glu25, Arg178, Arg180, Asp183, Glu202) may be involved in unfavorable interactions with ATIII perhaps through steric hindrance and the substitution of these residues may enhance the binding energy of the thrombin-ATIII complex. Consistent with our study, the substitution of Glu202 with glutamine was previously shown to increase by 1.5-fold the second-order rate constant for inhibition by ATIII (39Le Bonniec B.F. Esmon C.T. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1991; 88: 7371-7375Google Scholar) and the mutant thrombin was proposed to exhibit a preference for substrates, such as ATIII, with glycine at position P2. Inhibition by ATIII is the primary mechanism for the clearance of active thrombin in vivo (11Liu L. Dewar L. Song Y. Kulczycky M. Blajchman M.A. Fenton J.W., II Andrew M. Delorme M. Ginsberg J. Preissner K.T. Ofosu F.A. Thromb. Haemostasis. 1995; 73: 405-412Google Scholar) and we have previously shown that mutations in thrombin that confer resistance to ATIII in vitro may correlate with a prolonged half-life in plasma and decreased clearance rate in vivo (31Gibbs C.S. Coutré S.E. Tsiang M. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Law V.S. Mao C.T. Matsumura S.Y. Mejza S.J. Paborsky L.R. Leung L.L.K. Nature. 1995; 378: 413-416Google Scholar, 32Tsiang M. Paborsky L.R. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Mao C.T. Dunn K.E. Lee D.W. Matsumura S.Y. Matteucci M.D. Coutré S.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 16449-16457Google Scholar). By analogy with naturally occurring mutations in ATIII (10Broze Jr G.J. Tollefsen D.M. Stamatoyannopoulos G. Nienhuis A.W. Majerus P.W. Varmus H. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders, Philadelphia1994: 629-656Google Scholar, 12Perry D.J. Carrell R.W. Hum. Mutat. 1996; 7: 7-22Google Scholar), mutations in thrombin that modulate inhibition by ATIII, such as those described in this study, may predispose individuals to an increased risk of thrombosis. Mutations involving residues in the heparin-binding site (R89A/R93A/E94A, R89A, R245A, K248A, K252A/D255A/Q256A) that are resistant to glycosaminoglycan-catalyzed inhibition by ATIII yet retain activity toward peptidyl substrates (Table I) and substrates in vivo (34Tsiang M. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Rojas M.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. J. Biol. Chem. 1995; 270: 16854-16863Google Scholar) are functionally equivalent to type IIc mutations in ATIII (mutations in the heparin-binding site of ATIII) (10Broze Jr G.J. Tollefsen D.M. Stamatoyannopoulos G. Nienhuis A.W. Majerus P.W. Varmus H. The Molecular Basis of Blood Diseases. W. B. Saunders, Philadelphia1994: 629-656Google Scholar). Individuals possessing such mutations may be prone to thromboembolic disease. In contrast, the mutations identified in this study involving residues that are implicated in direct interactions with ATIII (Trp50, Glu229, Arg233) would not be expected to be prothrombotic. Because of their proximity to the active site, the mutation of these residues also modulates the recognition of other substrates and alters the specificity of thrombin to favor the anticoagulant substrate protein C (31Gibbs C.S. Coutré S.E. Tsiang M. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Dunn K.E. Law V.S. Mao C.T. Matsumura S.Y. Mejza S.J. Paborsky L.R. Leung L.L.K. Nature. 1995; 378: 413-416Google Scholar, 32Tsiang M. Paborsky L.R. Li W.-X. Jain A.K. Mao C.T. Dunn K.E. Lee D.W. Matsumura S.Y. Matteucci M.D. Coutré S.E. Leung L.L.K. Gibbs C.S. Biochemistry. 1996; 35: 16449-16457Google Scholar). Thus naturally occurring mutations in this class may have a net anticoagulant effect and may be protective of thrombosis. We thank Drs. Lisa R. Paborsky, Mark D. Matteucci, and Larry L. K. Leung for helpful discussions regarding this project and valuable contributions to this manuscript.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(35/38)
TITLE: A Reagent Resource to Identify Proteins and Peptides of Interest for the Cancer Community
ABSTRACT: On the basis of discussions with representatives from all sectors of the cancer research community, the National Cancer Institute (NCI) recognizes the immense opportunities to apply proteomics technologies to further cancer research. Validated and well characterized affinity capture reagents (e.g. antibodies, aptamers, and affibodies) will play a key role in proteomics research platforms for the prevention, early detection, treatment, and monitoring of cancer. To discuss ways to develop new resources and optimize current opportunities in this area, the NCI convened the "Proteomic Technologies Reagents Resource Workshop" in Chicago, IL on December 12–13, 2005. The workshop brought together leading scientists in proteomics research to discuss model systems for evaluating and delivering resources for reagents to support MS and affinity capture platforms. Speakers discussed issues and identified action items related to an overall vision for and proposed models for a shared proteomics reagents resource, applications of affinity capture methods in cancer research, quality control and validation of affinity capture reagents, considerations for target selection, and construction of a reagents database. The meeting also featured presentations and discussion from leading private sector investigators on state-of-the-art technologies and capabilities to meet the user community's needs. This workshop was developed as a component of the NCI's Clinical Proteomics Technologies Initiative for Cancer, a coordinated initiative that includes the establishment of reagent resources for the scientific community. This workshop report explores various approaches to develop a framework that will most effectively fulfill the needs of the NCI and the cancer research community. On the basis of discussions with representatives from all sectors of the cancer research community, the National Cancer Institute (NCI) recognizes the immense opportunities to apply proteomics technologies to further cancer research. Validated and well characterized affinity capture reagents (e.g. antibodies, aptamers, and affibodies) will play a key role in proteomics research platforms for the prevention, early detection, treatment, and monitoring of cancer. To discuss ways to develop new resources and optimize current opportunities in this area, the NCI convened the "Proteomic Technologies Reagents Resource Workshop" in Chicago, IL on December 12–13, 2005. The workshop brought together leading scientists in proteomics research to discuss model systems for evaluating and delivering resources for reagents to support MS and affinity capture platforms. Speakers discussed issues and identified action items related to an overall vision for and proposed models for a shared proteomics reagents resource, applications of affinity capture methods in cancer research, quality control and validation of affinity capture reagents, considerations for target selection, and construction of a reagents database. The meeting also featured presentations and discussion from leading private sector investigators on state-of-the-art technologies and capabilities to meet the user community's needs. This workshop was developed as a component of the NCI's Clinical Proteomics Technologies Initiative for Cancer, a coordinated initiative that includes the establishment of reagent resources for the scientific community. This workshop report explores various approaches to develop a framework that will most effectively fulfill the needs of the NCI and the cancer research community. Cancer is a leading cause of death worldwide, and the evolving nature of tumors challenges investigators who wish to understand the myriad molecular processes that govern tumor formation. Tumors often metastasize before they can be detected, making them difficult to effectively diagnose early, treat, and control. One potential solution to this problem is to develop clinical protein-based systems that can detect and monitor cancer processes. To be clinically useful, however, these high throughput proteomics technologies must identify low abundance proteins linked to cancer processes, be sufficiently specific and sensitive to support diagnostic monitoring applications, and be reproducible and scalable for clinical use. The National Cancer Institute (NCI) 1The abbreviations used are: NCI, National Cancer Institute; ATCC, American Type Culture Collection: a non-profit repository and worldwide distributor of various cell lines and primary cell types used for cell biology research; CPTI, Clinical Proteomics Technologies Initiative for Cancer: an initiative launched by the National Cancer Institute to accelerate advances in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer through the use of proteomics technologies; HPA, Human Protein Atlas: an initiative funded by the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation designed to allow the systematic exploration of the human proteome through affinity (antibody) proteomics, combining high throughput generation of affinity-purified (monospecific) antibodies with protein profiling using tissue arrays; HPR, Human Proteome Resource: located in Stockholm and Uppsala, Sweden, the HPR Center oversees the HPA and produces specific antibodies to human target proteins using a high throughput method involving the cloning and protein expression of protein epitope signature tags; IHC, immunohistochemistry; IP, intellectual property; PrEST, protein epitope signature tag: PrESTs are made in vitro from predicted coding regions of the human genome and are used to generate antibodies as part of an affinity-based proteomics strategy; SISCAPA, stable isotope standards and capture by anti-peptide antibodies: a methodology for quantitating peptides in complex digests using anti-peptide antibody chromatography and electrospray mass spectrometry; SOP, standard operating procedure: a set of instructions that serve as a guideline for those features of operations that lend themselves to a definite or standardized procedure without loss of effectiveness; XML, extensible markup language: a subset of standard generalized markup language, XML is a way to represent data that facilitates data sharing across different systems. convened the "Proteomic Technologies Reagents Resource Workshop" in Chicago, IL on December 12–13, 2005 to identify the cancer research community's expressed needs for validated and well characterized affinity capture reagents (e.g. antibodies, aptamers, and affibodies) to advance proteomics research platforms for the prevention, early detection, treatment, and monitoring of cancer. The workshop brought together leading scientists in proteomics research to discuss model systems for evaluating and delivering affinity reagents to the research community to support proteomics-based research. This workshop represented the latest effort in an ongoing dialogue between the NCI and the scientific community to enhance the applications of these technologies in discovery and translational research (1Proteomic Technologies for Early Cancer Detection Chantilly, VA. National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MDApril 22–23, 2003Google Scholar, 2Clinical Proteomics and Biomarker Discovery in Cancer Research Bethesda, MD. National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MDSeptember 24, 2004Google Scholar, 3Clinical Proteomics and Biomarker Discovery in Cancer Research (2), Menlo Park, CA. National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MDNovember 5, 2004Google Scholar, 4Proteomic Technologies Informatics Workshop, Seattle, WA. National Cancer Institute, Bethesda, MDFebruary 8–9, 2005Google Scholar). On the basis of discussions with representatives from all sectors of the cancer research community, the NCI recognizes the immense opportunities to apply proteomics technologies to mission-critical problems in cancer research. In particular, the Institute addressed the community's concerns for access to affordable, well characterized, highly validated affinity reagents. A community resource that supports such reagents would accelerate biomarker discovery, cancer diagnostics development, and therapeutics monitoring. Based on these community needs, the Workshop Steering Committee invited speakers and guests to participate in discussions on a variety of topics, including the following. •A vision for a shared proteomics reagents resource•Opportunities to advance proteomics technologies for cancer research•Proposed models for an antibody reagent resource•Applications of affinity capture methods in cancer research•Affinity capture reagents and quality control/validation•Target selection•Database development•Next steps toward building a shared resource The meeting included presentations and discussions from leading industry representatives and academic investigators on state-of-the-art technologies and capabilities to meet the user community's needs. This workshop was developed as a component of the NCI's Clinical Proteomics Technologies Initiative for Cancer (CPTI; proteomics.cancer.gov), a coordinated initiative intended to evaluate, optimize, and advance proteomics technologies, informatics, and reagents to improve reliability and analytical validation (for a perspective on a proteomics initiative that incorporates a reagents resource, see Aebersold et al. (5Aebersold R. Anderson L. Caprioli R. Druker B. Hartwell L. Smith R. Perspective: a program to improve protein biomarker discovery for cancer.J. Proteome. Res. 2005; 4: 1104-1109Crossref PubMed Scopus (129) Google Scholar)). Launched in 2006, the CPTI is a 5-year, 104 million-dollar initiative comprised of three core technology development programs: the Clinical Proteomic Technology Assessment for Cancer, the Advanced Proteomic Technologies and Computational Sciences programs, and the Proteomic Technologies Reagents and Resources Core. Together these three programs are designed to increase the reliability and reproducibility of proteomics research results, thereby enabling these technologies to be translated ultimately to the clinical setting. The Clinical Proteomic Technology Assessment for Cancer and Advanced Proteomic Technologies and Computational Sciences programs are intended to fund research teams to rigorously assess and optimize current proteomics platforms and to push the envelope for innovative technologies and data analysis schemes, respectively. By contrast, the Proteomic Technologies Reagents and Resources Core will serve the broader biomedical and life science communities by organizing tools and reagents and enabling technologies to support protein/peptide measurement technology development efforts. These highly purified, standardized, and characterized reagents will be used to support improved approaches to sample preparation, fractionation, separation, detection, and quantitation for proteomics research. The CPTI is not itself a cancer biomarker discovery initiative but rather a technology-focused initiative designed to address current difficulties with the reproducibility of measurements, or the analytical validation, of proteomics platforms. In the absence of reliable measurements, it is difficult (if not impossible) to enable subsequent clinical validation of candidate biomarkers discovered using proteomics technologies. Such candidate biomarkers are only as reliable as the tools used to measure them. Reproducible proteomics research results will rely on high quality, well characterized, and easily accessible reagents, particularly affinity capture reagents such as antibodies. Optimized reagents will require detailed performance measurements across multiple platforms. This report will examine various aspects of affinity capture reagents and resources that will help fulfill the needs of the NCI and clinical proteomics researchers and enable the greatest impact on the cancer research community. The mapping of the human genome and advances in proteomics technologies have spurred interest in the application of molecular diagnostics (e.g. DNA- and protein-based biomarkers) to detect, diagnose, and treat various cancers. Successful utilization of DNA-based diagnostics in the treatment of cancer has been demonstrated by targeted antitumor agents such as trastuzumab (6Bartlett J.M. Pharmacodiagnostic testing in breast cancer: focus on HER2 and trastuzumab therapy.Am. J. Pharmacogenomics. 2005; 5: 303-315Crossref PubMed Scopus (28) Google Scholar), imatinib mesylate (7Deninger M.W. Druker B.J. Specific targeted therapy of chronic myelogenous leukemia with imatinib.Pharmacol. Rev. 2003; 55: 401-423Crossref PubMed Scopus (281) Google Scholar), erlotinib (8Comis R.L. The current situation: erlotinib (Tarceva) and gefitinib (Iressa) in non-small cell lung cancer.Oncologist. 2005; 10: 467-470Crossref PubMed Scopus (63) Google Scholar), and gefitinib (8Comis R.L. The current situation: erlotinib (Tarceva) and gefitinib (Iressa) in non-small cell lung cancer.Oncologist. 2005; 10: 467-470Crossref PubMed Scopus (63) Google Scholar). However, measurement of DNA-based molecular markers requires invasive sampling of tumor tissue, thus limiting approaches for targeted diagnostic and therapeutic applications of these markers. Hence despite these success stories, applications of DNA-based biomarkers of cancer to the prevention, early detection, treatment, and monitoring of disease have been limited to date. In contrast, circulating protein-based biomarkers offer a minimally invasive option to aid in the early detection of disease. Although molecular diagnostics represent critical elements for personalized disease screening and treatment, the successful translation of a diagnostic biomarker from discovery to routine clinical application remains relatively rare. The clinical value of a diagnostic tool is grounded in its robustness and reliability; the ability to measure a disease marker accurately (e.g. with high sensitivity and specificity), reproducibly, and rapidly ultimately determines the commercial application of the marker. Large scale assays and bibliometric searches have identified hundreds of candidate biomarkers for various cancers, creating a plethora of preliminary genomics and proteomics data. Sifting through this vast amount of information to test priority candidates requires sophisticated, selective, and high throughput molecular methodologies that include well characterized and validated assays and reagents. Profiling of differentially expressed proteins in normal and malignant tissues will support the development of a catalog of candidate biomarkers for various disease states (9Hudelist G. Singer C.F. Kubista E. Czerwenka K. Use of high-throughput arrays for profiling differentially expressed proteins in normal and malignant tissues.Anti-Cancer Drugs. 2005; 16: 683-689Crossref PubMed Scopus (16) Google Scholar, 10Patwardhan A.J. Strittmatter E.F. Camp II, D.G. Smith R.D. Pallavicini M.G. Comparison of normal and breast cancer cell lines using proteome, genome, and interactome data.J. Proteome Res. 2005; 4: 1952-1960Crossref PubMed Scopus (31) Google Scholar). Proteomics technologies enable the identification and measurement of these potential biomarkers of disease in serum, plasma (11Berhane B.T. Zong C. Liem D.A. Huang A. Le S. Edmondson R.D. Jones R.C. Qiao X. Whitelegge J.P. Ping P. Vondriska T.M. Cardiovascular-related proteins identified in human plasma by the HUPO Plasma Proteome Project pilot phase.Proteomics. 2005; 5: 3520-3530Crossref PubMed Scopus (78) Google Scholar), urine (12Grossman H.B. Soloway M. Messing E. Katz G. Stein B. Kassabian V. Shen Y. Surveillance for recurrent bladder cancer using a point-of-care proteomic assay.J. Am. Med. Assoc. 2006; 295: 299-305Crossref PubMed Scopus (217) Google Scholar), tissue (13Zhuang Z. Huang S. Kowalak J.A. Shi Y. Lei J. Furuta M. Lee Y.S. Lubensky I.A. Rodgers G.P. Cornelius A.S. Weil R.J. Teh B.T. Vortmeyer A.O. From tissue phenotype to proteotype: sensitive protein identification in microdissected tumor tissue.Int. J. Oncol. 2006; 28: 103-110PubMed Google Scholar), and tumor interstitial fluid (14Celis J.E. Gromov P. Cabezon T. Moreira J.M. Ambartsumian N. Sandelin K. Rank F. Gromova I. Characterization of the interstitial fluid perfusing the breast tumor microenvironment: a novel resource for biomarker and therapeutic target discovery.Mol. Cell. Proteomics. 2004; 3: 327-344Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (268) Google Scholar). Combinatorial proteomics applications contribute to the understanding of the functional organization of the human proteome through characterizations and measurements of protein abundance, post-translational modifications, protein-protein interactions (15Stelzl U. Worm U. Lalowski M. Haenig C. Brembeck F.H. Goehler H. Stroedicke M. Zenkner M. Schoenherr A. Koeppen S. Timm J. Mintzlaff S. Abraham C. Bock N. Kietzmann S. Goedde A. Toksoz E. Droege A. Krobitsch S. Korn B. Birchmeier W. Lehrach H. Wanker E.E. A human protein-protein interaction network: a resource for annotating the proteome.Cell. 2005; 122: 957-968Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (1858) Google Scholar), and correlation of disease phenotype with protein profiles (13Zhuang Z. Huang S. Kowalak J.A. Shi Y. Lei J. Furuta M. Lee Y.S. Lubensky I.A. Rodgers G.P. Cornelius A.S. Weil R.J. Teh B.T. Vortmeyer A.O. From tissue phenotype to proteotype: sensitive protein identification in microdissected tumor tissue.Int. J. Oncol. 2006; 28: 103-110PubMed Google Scholar). Applied clinical proteomics technologies offer a strong potential for early cancer detection and a strategy to evaluate tumor progression, response to treatment, metastasis (16Everley P.A. Zetter B.R. Proteomics in tumor progression and metastasis.Ann. N. Y. Acad. Sci. 2005; 1059: 1-10Crossref PubMed Scopus (14) Google Scholar), and recurrence (12Grossman H.B. Soloway M. Messing E. Katz G. Stein B. Kassabian V. Shen Y. Surveillance for recurrent bladder cancer using a point-of-care proteomic assay.J. Am. Med. Assoc. 2006; 295: 299-305Crossref PubMed Scopus (217) Google Scholar). However, reliably measuring the concentrations of these candidate cancer proteins at low levels (ng/ml to pg/ml) in plasma and other body fluids presents a bottleneck in the development of protein-based molecular diagnostics. Protein-based tests require precise, high throughput measurements enabled by highly characterized, validated affinity reagents. Yet biologically available proteins and potential biomarkers are being reported at a rate that outpaces the production and characterization of antibodies using conventional methodologies (17Chambers R.S. High-throughput antibody production.Curr. Opin. Chem. Biol. 2005; 9: 46-50Crossref PubMed Scopus (28) Google Scholar). Low throughput screening methods for monoclonal antibodies, arguably the optimal reagent of choice for proteomics analyses, have pushed the development of a number of automated, higher throughput approaches for antibody production (17Chambers R.S. High-throughput antibody production.Curr. Opin. Chem. Biol. 2005; 9: 46-50Crossref PubMed Scopus (28) Google Scholar, 18De Masi F. Chiarella P. Wilhelm H. Massimi M. Bullard B. Ansorge W. Sawyer A. High throughput production of mouse monoclonal antibodies using antigen microarrays.Proteomics. 2005; 5: 4070-4081Crossref PubMed Scopus (69) Google Scholar, 19Nilsson P. Paavilainen L. Larsson K. Odling J. Sundberg M. Andersson A.C. Kampf C. Persson A. Al-Khalili Szigyarto C. Ottosson J. Bjorling E. Hober S. Wernerus H. Wester K. Ponten F. Uhlen M. Towards a human proteome atlas: high-throughput generation of mono-specific antibodies for tissue profiling.Proteomics. 2005; 5: 4327-4337Crossref PubMed Scopus (205) Google Scholar, 20Angenendt P. Wilde J. Kijanka G. Baars S. Cahill D.J. Kreutzberger J. Lehrach H. Konthur Z. Glokler J. Seeing better through MIST: evaluation of monoclonal recombinant antibody fragments on microarrays.Anal. Chem. 2004; 76: 2916-2921Crossref PubMed Scopus (41) Google Scholar). As these techniques become more refined, reagent production should increase, making the characterization and analytical validation of these reagents increasingly crucial for broad application in proteomics. Well characterized and validated affinity capture reagents will be valuable and integral components in the development of advanced proteomics technology platforms. Innovative antibody-based methods to improve protein measurements, such as stable isotope standards and capture by anti-peptide antibodies (SISCAPA), are already being applied in mass spectrometry platforms to quantify peptides in complex mixtures (21Anderson N.L. Anderson N.G. Haines L.R. Hardie D.B. Olafson R.W. Pearson T.W. Mass spectrometric quantitation of peptides and proteins using Stable Isotope Standards and Capture by Anti-Peptide Antibodies (SISCAPA).J. Proteome Res. 2004; 3: 235-244Crossref PubMed Scopus (692) Google Scholar). Additionally the combination of microarray technology and proteomics reagents has led to the development of "proteome chips," which offer the potential for the multiplexed analysis of hundreds to thousands of proteins in parallel (22Ng J.H. Ilag L.L. Biomedical applications of protein chips.J. Cell. Mol. Med. 2002; 6: 329-340Crossref PubMed Scopus (28) Google Scholar, 23Zhu H. Bilgin M. Bangham R. Hall D. Casamayor A. Bertone P. Lan N. Jansen R. Bidlingmaier S. Houfek T. Mitchell T. Miller P. Dean R.A. Gerstein M. Snyder M. Global analysis of protein activities using proteome chips.Science. 2001; 293: 2101-2105Crossref PubMed Scopus (1928) Google Scholar). These chips represent a promising application for large scale, cost-effective screening for numerous proteomics applications, including identifying protein-drug and protein-lipid interactions and post-translational modifications (24Ptacek J. Devgan G. Michaud G. Zhu H. Zhu X. Fasolo J. Guo H. Jona G. Breitkreutz A. Sopko R. McCartney R.R. Schmidt M.C. Rachidi N. Lee S.J. Mah A.S. Meng L. Stark M.J. Stern D.F. De Virgilio C. Tyers M. Andrews B. Gerstein M. Schweitzer B. Predki P.F. Snyder M. Global analysis of protein phosphorylation in yeast.Nature. 2005; 438: 679-684Crossref PubMed Scopus (816) Google Scholar). Although antibodies are currently the most mature reagents for large scale applications, variability in design and production parameters and a shortage of economical, renewable capture reagents such as monoclonal antibodies have hampered extensive technological development and assessment of this platform. The development of affinity capture assays capable of surpassing the current validation standard, ELISA, is both costly and labor-intensive. Equally daunting is the reality that commercially available antibodies are often poorly annotated and are not validated for specific applications, leaving researchers guessing as to whether a particular antibody is appropriate to their research needs and resulting in a needless waste of time, money, and effort. The widespread availability of well characterized affinity reagents will greatly accelerate biomarker discovery and validation by facilitating time- and resource-intensive development of immunoassays to measure specific biomarker candidates. The field of proteomics and protein-based diagnostics has reached a stage for rapid advancement; tremendous opportunity exists to develop useful, meaningful resources to support future technology development and commercialization. A centralized (virtual) repository of affinity reagents with publicly available characterization/validation data will help to ensure reliable results and facilitate interlaboratory data comparison. Such a resource will greatly accelerate the development of proteomics technology platforms to identify protein biomarkers for the early detection of cancer and serve the greater research community as a hub to communicate and disseminate data and information. The workshop participants agreed that, to maximize impact, a shared reagents resource should 1) serve the broader scientific community; 2) coordinate efforts in characterization, validation, annotation, and database development; and 3) incorporate novel, inexpensive, scalable, high throughput technologies for future expansion to target the entire human proteome. These focal points advocate that the NCI and other funding institutions should use available resources to strike a balance between characterizing existing capture reagents, coordinating target selection for new reagents, and supporting advances in technology that will accelerate the production of new reagents. The current challenges that cancer investigators face with respect to affinity capture reagents may be illustrated by the case of monoclonal antibodies, currently the most mature affinity capture methodology. Numerous antibodies and commercial pipelines for antibody production are currently in place. However, the majority of antibodies are poorly characterized and not adequately validated for the variety of applications of interest to the research community (Table I). As such, the user must navigate through an increasingly complex marketplace to determine whether data are available on the binding characteristics of an antibody and whether the antibody is suitable for a specific application. For example, a query of Biocompare, an on-line search tool for scientific products and resources, for monoclonal antibodies to "p53" returns more than 1300 choices representing more than 50 vendors. These antibodies vary widely in application, design controls, validation parameters, supporting documentation, and cost. Conversely a search for emerging candidate biomarkers, such as "CA27.29," a recently identified candidate biomarker for breast cancer (251997 update of recommendations for the use of tumor markers in breast and colorectal cancer. Adopted on November 7, 1997, by the American Society of Clinical Oncology.J. Clin. Oncol. 1998; 16 ([No authors listed]): 793-795Crossref PubMed Scopus (143) Google Scholar), yields no results. Additionally a query for "CA15.3" identifies several vendors with available monoclonal antibodies to this candidate breast cancer marker, whereas a syntactical change to "CA 15.3" returns no results.Table IApplication-independent validation methods for antibodies (adapted from Uhlen et al. (26Uhlen M. Bjorling E. Agaton C. Szigyarto C.A. Amini B. Andersen E. Andersson A.C. Angelidou P. Asplund A. Asplund C. Berglund L. Bergstrom K. Brumer H. Cerjan D. Ekstrom M. Elobeid A. Eriksson C. Fagerberg L. Falk R. Fall J. Forsberg M. Bjorklund M.G. Gumbel K. Halimi A. Hallin I. Hamsten C. Hansson M. Hedhammar M. Hercules G. Kampf C. Larsson K. Lindskog M. Lodewyckx W. Lund J. Lundeberg J. Magnusson K. Malm E. Nilsson P. Odling J. Oksvold P. Olsson I. Oster E. Ottosson J. Paavilainen L. Persson A. Rimini R. Rockberg J. Runeson M. Sivertsson A. Skollermo A. Steen J. Stenvall M. Sterky F. Stromberg S. Sundberg M. Tegel H. Tourle S. Wahlund E. Walden A. Wan J. Wernerus H. Westberg J. Wester K. Wrethagen U. Xu L.L. Hober S. Ponten F. A human protein atlas for normal and cancer tissues based on antibody proteomics.Mol. Cell. Proteomics. 2005; 4: 1920-1932Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (1015) Google Scholar))MethodDescriptionExamplesAdvantagesDisadvantagesAntigen-basedAssays based on the antigen used for immunizationELISA, protein arrays, Biacore SPR, antigen adsorptionCan be combined with affinity-based validationsNeed for pure and well characterized antigen; the binding to peptides or protein fragments might not be relevant for "real" applicationsTarget-basedAnalysis of native or partially denatured protein from natural sources (such as cell lysates)Western blot, immunohistochemistry, immunocaptureDoes not require the antigen used for immunizationIn the absence of the purified target, it is difficult to determine whether the antibody is binding to the target; usually relies on denatured targetsRNA-basedComparison of expression levels at the protein and RNA levelsTranscript profiling, in situ hybridizationsA huge set of data already publicly availableDifficult to know whether RNA levels correlate with protein levelsGenetics-basedThe use of genetic mutants or recombinant constructions to validate the targetTransgenetics, RNAi, GFP fusions (subcellular localization)If protein levels are observed to be increasing with an antibody or decreasing with an RNAi, then one can be relatively certain that the antibody is binding to the target.GFP fusions may be subject to artifactsDNA-basedBioinformatics analysis using predictive algorithms (as compared with experimental data)Signal peptide, transmembrane regions, localization signalsNo experimental evidence neededCan only be used as supportive evidence; must be complemented with experimental dataAffinity-basedDetermination of the kinetic parameters for the antibodyBiacore SPR, competition assaysGives binding parametersUsually done on antigens from "non-natural" sourcesEpitope-basedComparison of two or more antibodies directed to different parts of the same targetAntibodies to PrESTs or synthetic peptidesThe ultimate validation because identical patterns in various assays give strong support for specificity and lack of cross-reactivityRequires two independent antibodies to each target and also requires knowledge about the respective epitopes Open table in a new tab This example identifies several needs of the cancer research community. First, a set of well characterized and validated capture reagents with readily accessible supporting data will conserve resources by enabling investigators to rapidly determine reagent suitability for specific applications. Second, identifying the gaps in reagent needs will support the development of well characterized antibodies to prospective and emerging targets for which there is no established commercial market. Third, appropriate anno

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(36/38)
TITLE: Evolution, development, and genetics of floral display—form, size, and arrangement
ABSTRACT: The flower, frequently arranged in clusters known as inflorescences, is one of the most fascinating outcomes through evolution (Endress, 2010). The dimensions of floral diversity in angiosperms are enormous through variations, such as, in floral size, color, shape, scent, and flowering time. The diverse ways of the flower arrangement on inflorescences add another layer to this complexity of the floral display. The origin and evolution of the flower have been a key piece of puzzles toward understanding the origin and diversification of angiosperms. Charles Darwin, in a letter to Joseph Hooker, famously called the origin of flowers and the early evolution of flowering plants as an "abominable mystery" (Darwin & Seward, 1903), which remains to be resolved. Floral display is essential to the success of angiosperm reproduction. Alteration in floral display strategies regarding variation in form, size, and arrangement can result in evolutionary innovation leading to new ecological adaptation and speciation. Despite its importance to angiosperm diversification, our knowledge of the evolutionary patterns and the underlying developmental and genetic basis of the floral display is still limited. In the modern times, with the advent of integrating approaches among phylogenetics, ecology, molecular genetics, and development, plant biologists have begun to shed lights on the evolutionary patterns, the underlying driving forces, and the developmental and molecular basis of the floral diversity in some angiosperm lineages (e.g., Gerrath et al., 2017; Kulbaba et al., 2017; Liu et al., 2017; Nikolov & Davis, 2017; Schrager-Lavelle et al., 2017; Zhang et al., 2017; see review by Ma et al., 2017, this issue). A symposium with the same title of this issue was organized at the 2016 Botanical Society of America Annual Meetings in Savannah, Georgia to bring plant biologists from diverse fields to discuss the advances and future directions in understanding the evolution, development, and genetics of the diversity in floral display ( Most works presented at the symposium were included in this special issue of Journal of Systematics and Evolution. This issue includes both reviews and research papers reporting works on diverse angiosperm lineages, from dicots (Gerrath et al., 2017; Kulbaba et al., 2017; Liu et al., 2017; Nikolov & Davis, 2017; Zhang et al., 2017) to monocots (Schrager-Lavelle et al., 2017), from autotrophs (Gerrath et al., 2017; Kulbaba et al., 2017; Liu et al., 2017; Schrager-Lavelle et al., 2017; Zhang et al., 2017) to heterotrophs (Nikolov & Davis, 2017), and from ecological (Kulbaba et al., 2017) to morphological and molecular aspects (Gerrath et al., 2017; Liu et al., 2017; Nikolov & Davis, 2017; Schrager-Lavelle et al., 2017; Zhang et al., 2017). Four review articles included in this issue discussed diverse methodologies and study systems for understanding the floral display. Ma et al. (2017) systematically reviewed the recent advances in understanding the developmental and genetic basis of floral and inflorescence diversity. They also summarized the experimental approaches applied to plant developmental genetic studies of the model, emerging model, and non-model species. These authors highlighted the importance of carrying out the comparative analysis under a well-established phylogenetic framework to uncover the evolutionary changes at the molecular level in evo-devo studies. Nikolov & Davis (2017) reviewed their works on understanding the evo-devo of the world's largest flower in Rafflesiaceae. The body plan of species in Rafflesiaceae is substantially modified to adapt to its life style as holoparasites. These authors reviewed their discoveries of the pattern and scale of horizontal gene transfer based on a reliable phylogenetic placement of Rafflesiaceae and the morphology of the rare and unique vegetative and floral features of the group. Together, the review tackled the mystery of the evolution of this world's largest flower, which evolved from autotrophic plants with tiny flowers. Gerrath et al. (2017) reviewed the inflorescence characteristics of various lineages of the grape order Vitales. They compared these characteristics on a phylogenetic framework and concluded that each major clade of the Vitales had evolved a unique set of inflorescence morphology, including the homologous tendril characters (also see Zhang et al., 2015). Schrager-Lavelle et al. (2017) argued that the grass flowers can be an excellent model for studying floral evo-devo although the natures of the flowers are specialized for wind pollination (see Soreng et al., 2015). These authors illustrated the many floral variations found in the family and conveyed that grass flowers can also be a powerful tool to understand the molecular genetics of floral evolution. Three research articles included in this issue reported the patterns on floral display in Cornaceae, Solanaceae, and Ranunculaceae through molecular genetic, phylogenetic, and ecological studies. Liu et al. (2017) explored the function and role of the AP3 gene homolog in the evolution of explosive pollen release in Cornus canadensis (Cornaceae). Using a stable Agrobacterium-mediated transformation technique and comparative gene expression methods, they found that a proper level of expression of the AP3 gene during floral development plays important roles in the formation of a special floral structure that is essential to the catapult pollen release unique to the herbaceous lineage of Cornus. They proposed that a shift in the expression pattern of the AP3-like gene during the evolution of Cornus have contributed to the evolution of the explosive mechanism of pollen release in the genus. Zhang et al. (2017) studied the evolution of floral symmetry in Solanaceae using a phylogeny. Based on the evidence from morphology, ontogeny, and ancestral state reconstructions, these authors proposed that the floral symmetry evolution in the androecium and corolla was along different evolutionary trajectories. They emphasized the importance for proper delimitation of characters and character states for understanding floral symmetry evolution since the evolution of floral symmetry can be complicated for particular angiosperm clades. From an ecological aspect, Kulbaba et al. (2017) tested the hypothesis that the trait that flowers with variations systematically arranging along inflorescences could be heritable and under selection due to resource competition among flowers. They assessed the various existing techniques of functional data analysis in comparison to their new method using Delphinium glaucum (Ranunculaceae) as a model and demonstrated that their methods are more robust to test the adaptive nature of the systematic trait variation, which was often thought to be due to aspects of development. In this issue, the contributing authors have celebrated the diversity of views on how to better understand the diverse patterns of the floral display through the utility of novel methodologies, emerging model systems as well as a phylogenetic framework. There is no doubt that our knowledge about the evolution, development, and genetics of floral display will continue to advance while these research lines bloom. We dedicate this special issue to the late Professor Yancheng Tang (1926–2016) of the Institute of Botany, Chinese Academy of Sciences, for his efforts to introduce modern theories and methods of plant systematics into China and for his mentoring of many young colleagues in systematic and evolutionary botany. Professor Tang was a mentor of QY(J) Xiang, one of the editors of this special issue, from 1982 to 1989, and opened the door for her to enter the field of plant systematics. Prof. Tang is well remembered by his colleagues for his many contributions to plant systematic work in China, including contributing to the Flora of China project, promoting the development of cladistic approaches in China, and taxonomic revisions. His scholarly pursuit of systematic theories and methodology and his persistent curiosity on the frontiers of systematics and biogeography inspired discussions on concepts and controversies with many young colleagues and facilitated active, dynamic and interdisciplinary collaboration among his many friends and colleagues. In 1980, Professor Tang was the leading participant in the first collaborative project between Chinese and American botanists after diplomatic relations were reestablished between the two countries. That project, a field expedition to western Hubei, paved the way for the vast number of collaborative research projects between Chinese botanist and botanists from around the world. Professor Tang would have been immensely pleased that the 19th International Botanical Congress was held in China, in part due to the quiet but competent way he handled that first international collaboration. Wenheng Zhang Department of Biology, Virginia Commonwealth University, 1000 West Cary Street,Richmond, Virginia 23284, USA Qiu-Yun (Jenny) Xiang Department of Plant and Microbial Biology, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC 27695, USA Jun Wen Department of Botany, National Museum of Natural History, MRC166, Smithsonian Institution, Washington, DC 20013, USA

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(37/38)
TITLE: Utilization of Sialic Acid as a Coreceptor Enhances Reovirus Attachment by Multistep Adhesion Strengthening
ABSTRACT: Many serotype 3 reoviruses bind to two different host cell molecules, sialic acid and an unidentified protein, using discrete receptor-binding domains in viral attachment protein, ς1. To determine mechanisms by which these receptor-binding events cooperate to mediate cell attachment, we generated isogenic reovirus strains that differ in the capacity to bind sialic acid. Strain SA+, but not SA−, bound specifically to sialic acid on a biosensor chip with nanomolar avidity. SA+ displayed 5-fold higher avidity for HeLa cells when compared with SA−, although both strains recognized the same proteinaceous receptor. Increased avidity of SA+ binding was mediated by increased k on. Neuraminidase treatment to remove cell-surface sialic acid decreased thek on of SA+ to that of SA−. Increasedk on of SA+ enhanced an infectious attachment process, since SA+ was 50–100-fold more efficient than SA− at infecting HeLa cells in a kinetic fluorescent focus assay. Sialic acid binding was operant early during SA+ attachment, since the capacity of soluble sialyllactose to inhibit infection decreased rapidly during the first 20 min of adsorption. These results indicate that reovirus binding to sialic acid enhances virus infection through adhesion of virus to the cell surface where access to a proteinaceous receptor is thermodynamically favored. Many serotype 3 reoviruses bind to two different host cell molecules, sialic acid and an unidentified protein, using discrete receptor-binding domains in viral attachment protein, ς1. To determine mechanisms by which these receptor-binding events cooperate to mediate cell attachment, we generated isogenic reovirus strains that differ in the capacity to bind sialic acid. Strain SA+, but not SA−, bound specifically to sialic acid on a biosensor chip with nanomolar avidity. SA+ displayed 5-fold higher avidity for HeLa cells when compared with SA−, although both strains recognized the same proteinaceous receptor. Increased avidity of SA+ binding was mediated by increased k on. Neuraminidase treatment to remove cell-surface sialic acid decreased thek on of SA+ to that of SA−. Increasedk on of SA+ enhanced an infectious attachment process, since SA+ was 50–100-fold more efficient than SA− at infecting HeLa cells in a kinetic fluorescent focus assay. Sialic acid binding was operant early during SA+ attachment, since the capacity of soluble sialyllactose to inhibit infection decreased rapidly during the first 20 min of adsorption. These results indicate that reovirus binding to sialic acid enhances virus infection through adhesion of virus to the cell surface where access to a proteinaceous receptor is thermodynamically favored. serotype 1 and 3, respectively fluorescent focus units receptor-binding domain murine erythroleukemia monoclonal antibody untranslated region surface plasmon resonance phosphate-buffered saline Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline α-sialyllactose plaque-forming unit(s) multiplicity of infection The ligation of a virus particle to specific cell-surface molecules is the primary interaction between the virus and its host, and as such it is a critical determinant of viral disease outcome and a potential target for antiviral therapy. Studies with enveloped mammalian viruses, including members of the herpesvirus (1Rajcani J. Vojvodova A. Acta Virol. 1998; 42: 103-118PubMed Google Scholar, 2Montgomery R.I. Warner M.S. Lum B.J. Spear P.G. Cell. 1996; 87: 427-436Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (1004) Google Scholar, 3Spear P.G. Shieh M.T. Herold B.C. WuDunn D. Koshy T.I. Adv. Exp. Med. Biol. 1992; 313: 341-353Crossref PubMed Google Scholar) and retrovirus (4Dragic T. Litwin V. Allaway G.P. Martin S.R. Huang Y. Nagashima K.A. Cayanan C. Maddon P.J. Koup R.A. Moore J.P. Paxton W.A. Nature. 1996; 381: 667-673Crossref PubMed Scopus (2816) Google Scholar, 5Ugolini S. Mondor I. Sattentau Q.J. Trends Microbiol. 1999; 7: 144-149Abstract Full Text Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (210) Google Scholar, 6Berger E.A. Murphy P.M. Farber J.M. Annu. Rev. Immunol. 1999; 17: 657-700Crossref PubMed Scopus (1882) Google Scholar) families, have demonstrated that viral attachment is more complex than a bimolecular interaction between a viral attachment protein and a cellular receptor. Instead, attachment strategies employed by these enveloped viruses involve multiple interactions between several viral and cellular molecules, and these interactions are often accompanied by dramatic conformational rearrangements of viral proteins. In addition, many enveloped viruses employ an adhesion-strengthening attachment strategy in which primary virus-cell interactions require low affinity adhesion of the virus to common cell surface molecules that are often carbohydrate in nature (7Haywood A.M. J. Virol. 1994; 68: 1-5Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 8Weis W. Brown J.H. Cusack S. Paulson J.C. Skehel J.J. Wiley D.C. Nature. 1988; 333: 426-431Crossref PubMed Scopus (929) Google Scholar, 9Williams R.K. Straus S.E. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1375-1380Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). This initial phase of attachment is then followed by higher affinity interactions between the virus and a secondary receptor on permissive cells, an event that often triggers virus entry through direct membrane fusion or receptor-mediated endocytosis (10Trkola A. Dragic T. Arthos J. Binley J.M. Olson W.C. Allaway G.P. Cheng-Mayer C. Robinson J. Maddon P.J. Moore J.P. Nature. 1996; 384: 184-187Crossref PubMed Scopus (959) Google Scholar, 11Wu L. Gerard N.P. Wyatt R. Choe H. Parolin C. Ruffing N. Borsetti A. Cardosa A.A. Desjardin E. Newman W. Gerard C. Sodroski J. Nature. 1996; 384: 179-183Crossref PubMed Scopus (1081) Google Scholar, 12Doms R.W. Peipert S.C. Virology. 1997; 235: 179-190Crossref PubMed Scopus (236) Google Scholar, 13Whitbeck J.C. Peng C. Lou H. Xu R. Willis S.H. PonceDeLeon M. Peng T. Nicola A.V. Montgomery R.I. Warner M.S. Soulika A.M. Spruce L.A. Moore W.T. Lambris J.D. Spear P.G. Cohen G.H. Eisenberg R.J. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 6083-6093Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). In contrast to our developing understanding of mechanisms of enveloped virus attachment, less is known about attachment strategies of nonenveloped viruses, a group that includes several important human pathogens. The mammalian reoviruses offer a useful experimental system to dissect the contributions of discrete steps in the viral replication cycle to pathogenesis in the infected host (14Tyler K.L. Fields B.N. Fields B.N. Knipe D.M. Howley P.M. Fields Virology. Lippincott-Raven, Philadelphia1996: 1597-1623Google Scholar). Following oral inoculation into newborn mice, serotype 1 (T1)1 reovirus strains spread hematogenously to the central nervous system and replicate within ependymal cells, resulting in hydrocephalus. In contrast, serotype 3 (T3) reovirus strains utilize neural spread pathways to gain access to the central nervous system, where they replicate in a wide variety of neurons and cause encephalitis (15Weiner H.L. Drayna D. Averill Jr, D.R. Fields B.N. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1977; 74: 5744-5748Crossref PubMed Scopus (180) Google Scholar, 16Tardieu M. Powers M.L. Weiner H.L. Ann. Neurol. 1983; 13: 602-607Crossref PubMed Scopus (59) Google Scholar). Since reovirus contains a segmented genome, it is possible to link pathogenic phenotypes to individual viral genes using reassortant viruses. Using this approach, it was determined that the mode of spread in the host (17Tyler K.L. McPhee D.A. Fields B.N. Science. 1986; 233: 770-774Crossref PubMed Scopus (145) Google Scholar) and cell tropism in the central nervous system (18Weiner H.L. Powers M.L. Fields B.N. J. Infect. Dis. 1980; 141: 609-616Crossref PubMed Scopus (158) Google Scholar, 19Dichter M.A. Weiner H.L. Ann. Neurol. 1984; 16: 603-610Crossref PubMed Scopus (44) Google Scholar) segregates with the viral S1 gene segment, which encodes the viral attachment protein, ς1 (20Weiner H.L. Ault K.A. Fields B.N. J. Immunol. 1980; 124: 2143-2148PubMed Google Scholar, 21Lee P.W. Hayes E.C. Joklik W.K. Virology. 1981; 108: 156-163Crossref PubMed Scopus (225) Google Scholar). These findings suggest that reovirus tropism and disease outcome are determined by interactions between cell-surface receptors and the ς1 protein. The ς1 oligomer has two structural domains, an amino-terminal fibrous tail, which anchors ς1 at each of the icosahedral vertices of the virion, and a compact globular head located at the carboxyl terminus (22Furlong D.B. Nibert M.L. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1988; 62: 246-256Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 23Fraser R.D. Furlong D.B. Trus B.L. Nibert M.L. Fields B.N. Steven A.C. J. Virol. 1990; 64: 2990-3000Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). T3 ς1 recognizes at least two cellular molecules using discrete, independently functional receptor-binding domains (RBDs). Sequences in the ς1 head domain of all T3 strains bind to an unknown cellular molecule that is probably protein in nature. Recognition of the ς1 head receptor is critical for virus binding and infectionin vitro (24Nagata L. Masri S.A. Pon R.T. Lee P.W.K. Virology. 1987; 160: 162-168Crossref PubMed Scopus (42) Google Scholar, 25Williams W.V. Guy H.R. Rubin D.H. Robey F. Myers J.N. Kieber-Emmons T. Weiner D.B. Greene M.I. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 1988; 85: 6488-6492Crossref PubMed Scopus (91) Google Scholar, 26Yeung M.C. Lim D. Duncan R. Shahrabadi M.S. Cashdollar L.W. Lee P.W.K. Virology. 1989; 170: 62-70Crossref PubMed Scopus (31) Google Scholar, 27Duncan R. Horne D. Strong J.E. Leone G. Pon R.T. Yeung M.C. Lee P.W.K. Virology. 1991; 182: 810-819Crossref PubMed Scopus (36) Google Scholar, 28Leone G. Maybaum L. Lee P.W.K. Cell. 1992; 71: 479-488Abstract Full Text PDF PubMed Scopus (36) Google Scholar, 29Turner D.L. Duncan R. Lee P.W. Virology. 1992; 186: 219-227Crossref PubMed Scopus (30) Google Scholar, 30Nibert M.L. Chappell J.D. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1995; 69: 5057-5067Crossref PubMed Google Scholar), and this interaction modulates tropism and disease outcome in infected mice (31Spriggs D.R. Bronson R.T. Fields B.N. Science. 1983; 220: 505-507Crossref PubMed Scopus (49) Google Scholar, 32Kaye K.M. Spriggs D.R. Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. Tyler K.L. J. Virol. 1986; 59: 90-97Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 33Bassel-Duby R. Spriggs D.R. Tyler K.L. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1986; 60: 64-67Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Sequences in the ς1 tail domain of some T3 strains confer the capacity to bind terminal α-linked sialic acid residues on glycosylated cell surface structures (30Nibert M.L. Chappell J.D. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1995; 69: 5057-5067Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 34Gentsch J.R. Pacitti A.F. J. Virol. 1985; 56: 356-364Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 35Pacitti A. Gentsch J.R. J. Virol. 1987; 61: 1407-1415Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 36Paul R.W. Choi A.H. Lee P.W.K. Virology. 1989; 172: 382-385Crossref PubMed Scopus (95) Google Scholar, 37Dermody T.S. Nibert M.L. Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1990; 64: 5173-5176Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 38Chappell J.D. Gunn V.L. Wetzel J.D. Baer G.S. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1834-1841Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 39Chappell J.D. Duong J. Wright B.W. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 2000; 74: 8472-8479Crossref PubMed Scopus (104) Google Scholar). Recognition of sialic acid by the ς1 tail RBD can serve as a tropism determinant for some cell types in culture (38Chappell J.D. Gunn V.L. Wetzel J.D. Baer G.S. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1834-1841Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 40Rubin D.H. Wetzel J.D. Williams W.V. Cohen J.A. Dworkin C. Dermody T.S. J. Clin. Invest. 1992; 90: 2536-2542Crossref PubMed Scopus (31) Google Scholar); however, it is not clear whether binding to sialic acid is sufficient to permit virus entry or merely facilitates ς1-head receptor interactions. The mechanisms by which sialic acid binding and ς1 head receptor binding cooperate to achieve stable, cell-specific reovirus attachment and entry in cultured cells and in the infected host are unknown. The presence of discrete RBDs in ς1 suggests that reoviruses employ multi-step binding processes analogous to those described for some enveloped viruses. However, attachment mechanisms used by reovirus may be unique, since reoviruses are nonenveloped, and both RBDs exist at a distance of a few hundred angstroms within the same viral protein. Studies to determine mechanisms by which the tail and head RBDs of ς1 cooperate to achieve stable virus-cell association, specific host cell tropism, and modulation of disease in the infected animal have not been possible to date, since isogenic virus strains differing only in the capacity to utilize a distinct receptor have not been available. To address these questions, we selected reovirus mutants that differ in sialic acid-binding capacity, and we used reassortant genetics to place the ς1-encoding S1 genes of these strains into identical genetic backgrounds. Using these strains, we demonstrate that reovirus attachment is a multistep process, with primary sialic acid binding serving as a low affinity adhesion event that accelerates virus attachment but must be followed by ς1-head receptor interactions to permit efficient virus entry and infection. Spinner-adapted murine L929 (L) cells were grown in either suspension or monolayer cultures in Joklik's modified Eagle's minimal essential medium (Irvine Scientific, Santa Ana, CA) supplemented with 5% fetal bovine serum (Intergen, Purchase, NY), 2 mml-glutamine, 100 units/ml of penicillin, 100 μg/ml of streptomycin, and 0.25 μg/ml of amphotericin (Irvine Scientific). Suspension cultures of murine erythroleukemia (MEL) cells were grown in F-12 medium (Irvine Scientific) supplemented to contain 10% fetal bovine serum,l-glutamine, and antibiotics as for L cells. HeLa cells were maintained in monolayer culture in Dulbecco's minimal essential medium (Life Technologies, Inc.) supplemented to contain 10% fetal bovine serum, l-glutamine, and antibiotics as for L cells. Reovirus strains T1L, T3C44 (41Hrdy D.B. Rosen L. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1979; 31: 104-111Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 42Dermody T.S. Nibert M.L. Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1990; 64: 4842-4850Crossref PubMed Google Scholar), and T3C44-MA (38Chappell J.D. Gunn V.L. Wetzel J.D. Baer G.S. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1834-1841Crossref PubMed Google Scholar) are laboratory stocks. Viral titer (expressed as plaque-forming units (pfu)/ml) was determined by plaque assay on L-cell monolayers (43Virgin H.W., IV Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. Tyler K.L. J. Virol. 1988; 62: 4594-4604Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Purified virions were prepared by using third-passage L-cell lysate stocks of plaque-purified reovirus as described previously (22Furlong D.B. Nibert M.L. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1988; 62: 246-256Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Viral particle concentrations were determined by measurement ofA 260 using a conversion factor of 2.1 × 1012 viral particles/ml/A 260 (44Smith R.E. Zweerink H.J. Joklik W.K. Virology. 1969; 39: 791-810Crossref PubMed Scopus (439) Google Scholar). Particle/pfu ratios of stocks used for viral infectivity assays were ∼250:1. Murine monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) 9BG5 (G5) (45Burstin S.J. Spriggs D.R. Fields B.N. Virology. 1982; 117: 146-155Crossref PubMed Scopus (102) Google Scholar) and 5C6 (46Virgin H.W., IV Mann M.A. Fields B.N. Tyler K.L. J. Virol. 1991; 65: 6772-6781Crossref PubMed Google Scholar) were purified from hybridoma culture supernatants (Cell Culture Center, Minneapolis, MN), and Fab fragments (Fabs) of each were prepared using the Immunopure Fab Purification system (Pierce) according to the manufacturer's instructions. Reassortant viruses were isolated by coinfecting monolayers of L cells with T1L and either T3C44 or T3C44-MA. Coinfections, plaque-purification, amplification of progeny viruses, and genotyping of reassortant viruses were performed as described previously (47Wetzel J.D. Wilson G.J. Baer G.S. Dunnigan L.R. Wright J.P. Tang D.S.H. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1362-1369Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Two sequential rounds of reassortment were performed to obtain monoreassortant viruses that retained the S1 gene segment from the T3 parental virus with all other gene segments derived from T1L. These monoreassortant strains were designated T3/C44-SA− and T3/C44-MA-SA+, abbreviated SA− and SA+, respectively, throughout this paper. Electrophoretic mobility of monoreassortant gene segments was verified by purifying genomic dsRNA from CsCl-banded purified virions (5 × 1011 particles) using TriReagent (Molecular Research Center, Cincinnati, OH). Purified gene segments were resolved in 7% SDS-polyacrylamide gels for 550 (small class gene segments), 930 (medium class gene segments), or 1380 (large class gene segments) mA·h at constant current, stained with EtBr, and visualized by UV transillumination. Following reassortment, the S1 gene segments of both strains were amplified by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction using primers complementary to the 5′- and 3′-untranslated regions (UTRs) (48Wilson G.J. Wetzel J.D. Puryear W. Bassel-Duby R. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1996; 70: 6598-6606Crossref PubMed Google Scholar), cloned into the pCR 2.1 vector, and sequenced using T4 DNA polymerase (Sequenase 2.0, U.S. Biochemical Corp.). In addition, the S1 gene UTRs of each strain were sequenced by direct dsRNA sequencing of purified viral genomic RNA as described previously (37Dermody T.S. Nibert M.L. Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1990; 64: 5173-5176Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Glycophorin and asialoglycophorin (1 mg/ml in PBS) (Sigma) were biotinylated by incubation with a 10–100-fold molar excess of sulfo-NHS-biotin (Pierce) at room temperature for 2 h. Biotinylated glycophorin or asialoglycophorin was injected at a concentration of 5–50 μg/ml in PBS across duplicate flow cells of a BIAcore streptavidin chip at a flow rate of 5 μl/min using a BIAcore 2000 instrument (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech). Sensor chip flow cells were coated with 1000–2000 resonance units of each protein, followed by rinsing in running buffer (Dulbecco's PBS (D-PBS)) to remove unbound protein. Purified virions of strains SA− and SA+ were injected across the conjugated chip surfaces at various concentrations at a flow rate of 25 μl/min. Following virus binding, chip surfaces were regenerated with a 1-min pulse of 1 m NaCl, 20 mm NaOH. Surfaces treated in this manner showed no significant decrease in virus-binding capacity for up to 30 cycles of regeneration. In some experiments, virions were preincubated with α-sialyllactose (SLL) or lactose (Sigma) at room temperature for a minimum of 10 min prior to injection. Since the refractive index of concentrated virus and saccharide solutions caused significant bulk shift effects during injection, specific binding of virions to sialic acid was calculated by subtracting resonance units measured on asialoglycophorin-coated reference surface from binding to the glycophorin-coated surface prior to data analysis. No time-dependent increase in virus binding to asialoglycophorin was detected under any conditions. Affinity constants of strain SA+ binding to sialic acid were determined using simultaneousk on/k off nonlinear regression with BIAevaluation 3.0 software (Amersham Pharmacia Biotech), assuming either a 1:1 Langmuir binding model or a bivalent analyte binding model (49(1994) in BIAapplications Handbook, pp. 5-1–5-12, Pharmacia Biosensor AB, Uppsala, SwedenGoogle Scholar, 50Karlsson R. Falt A. J. Immunol. Methods. 1997; 200: 121-133Crossref PubMed Scopus (497) Google Scholar, 51Clark A.J. J. Physiol. 1927; 64: 123-143Crossref PubMed Scopus (20) Google Scholar). Terminal sialic acid residues were removed from cell-surface carbohydrates by incubating 5 × 106 cells/ml at 37 °C for 1 h in 1.0 ml of D-PBS containing 40 milliunits/mlArthrobacter ureafaciens neuraminidase (Sigma) (38Chappell J.D. Gunn V.L. Wetzel J.D. Baer G.S. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1834-1841Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Cells were washed in D-PBS to remove neuraminidase, resuspended in D-PBS, and processed for binding assays. Purified virus particles (2–4 × 1013/ml in D-PBS) were iodinated using the IODO-GEN two-step method (Pierce). Na125I (2.5 mCi) was oxidized for 6 min in IODO-GEN tubes in a total volume of 220 μl of D-PBS and then incubated with 4 ml of purified virus at room temperature for 6 min. Virus was separated from unincorporated125I on 10-ml dextran d-Salt columns (Pierce) followed by dialysis against 4 liters of D-PBS. Labeled virus was stored at 4 °C in the presence of 10 mmNaN3, 5 mm 2-deoxyglucose, and 2 mmNaF (Sigma). Specific activity of iodinated virus was 0.5 to 1 × 10−6 cpm/particle. Greater than 85% of cpm was precipitable from iodinated virus preparations using acetone precipitation or immunoprecipitation with anti-reovirus mAbs. Iodinated virion preparations were used for up to 4 weeks after iodination. Iodination of virions did not affect ς1 function as assessed by hemagglutination assay or interaction with conformationally sensitive anti-ς1 mAb G5, and no iodination of ς1 was detected following SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis analysis of labeled reovirus virions. Radioligand binding assays were designed, and data were analyzed using general guidelines and equations as described (52Limbird L.E. Cell Surface Receptors: A Short Course on Theory and Methods. Kluwer Academic Publishers, Boston, MA1996: 61-122Google Scholar). HeLa cells were detached from flasks by incubation in PBS plus 3 mm EDTA at 37 °C for 30 min followed by gentle pipetting. L cells were obtained from suspension cultures. Cells were pelleted at 250 ×g for 5–8 min, resuspended at 2–4 × 106/ml in D-PBS supplemented with metabolic inhibitors (10 mm NaN3, 5 mm 2-deoxyglucose, and 2 mm NaF), and incubated at 37 °C for 15–30 min to deplete cellular ATP. This treatment abolishes receptor-mediated endocytosis in HeLa cells (53Schmid S.L. Carter L.L. J. Cell Biol. 1990; 111: 2307-2318Crossref PubMed Scopus (175) Google Scholar) and in L cells. 2E. S. Barton and T. S. Dermody, unpublished observation. For experiments in which neuraminidase-treated cells were used, 40 milliunits/ml neuraminidase were included with metabolic inhibitors, and incubations were extended to 1 h. Iodinated virus was diluted in D-PBS containing metabolic inhibitors and Complete mini-EDTA-free protease inhibitor mixture (Roche Molecular Biochemicals; final concentration 0.5× in all binding assays). Virus and cells were incubated in 1.5-ml Eppendorf tubes at room temperature for various intervals with continuous rotation. The viability of cells incubated in this manner was not diminished for up to 8 h as determined by trypan blue exclusion. At the lowest concentrations of virus used in these experiments, equilibrium was reached within 6 h, and cell-bound virus was stable for up to 8 h. Cell-bound virus was captured by vacuum filtration onto Membra-fil MF MB filters (5-μm pore size) (Whatman), followed by rinsing for 4 s with a stream of cold PBS. Filters were air-dried, and bound virus was quantitated by liquid scintillation counting in 4 ml of BIOSAFE II fluid (Research Products International, Mt. Prospect, IL) using a Beckman LS6500 counter (Beckman Instruments). Nonspecific binding was determined at several concentrations of labeled virus by incubating duplicate samples in the presence of 0.8–1 × 1013 unlabeled virions, the maximum concentration of virus shown to compete virus without isotopic dilution. Nonspecific binding was found to be a linear function (ranging from 0.5 to 1%) of input cpm under all conditions used and did not increase with time. For competition experiments, iodinated and unlabeled virions were added simultaneously to cells. For experiments assessing the effect of SLL or Fabs on virus attachment, iodinated virions were preincubated with the indicated concentration of each reagent at 37 °C for 30 min. For kinetic assays, virus association (k on) and dissociation (k off) binding constants were derived from the observed rate of virus binding (k obs) over time using the formula,kobs=kon·[virus]+koffEquation 1 and by comparing k obs for each strain at multiple virus concentrations to exclude the contribution ofk off. This method permits the simultaneous determination of k on and indirect inference ofk off (52Limbird L.E. Cell Surface Receptors: A Short Course on Theory and Methods. Kluwer Academic Publishers, Boston, MA1996: 61-122Google Scholar). Purified virions were diluted in gelatin saline or incubated at 37 °C for 30 min in PBS alone, 50 μg/ml G5 or 5C6 Fabs, or 10 mm SLL or lactose. Tissue culture medium was aspirated from cells (1 × 105/well in 24-well plates), and virus inoculum (150 μl) was allowed to adsorb to cells at room temperature. To terminate adsorption, cells were washed with 1 ml of cold PBS, inoculum was aspirated, and 1 ml of complete culture medium was added. Cells were incubated at 37 °C for various intervals, followed by two cycles of freezing and thawing to release progeny virions. Titers of infectious virus were quantitated by plaque assay on L cells (43Virgin H.W., IV Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. Tyler K.L. J. Virol. 1988; 62: 4594-4604Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Unlabeled, purified virions were preincubated in PBS alone, 50 μg/ml G5 or 5C6 Fabs, or 10 mm SLL or lactose at 37 °C for various intervals. To directly measure infectivity of treated virions, virus inocula were adsorbed to confluent HeLa cell monolayers (2 × 105 cells/well) as for growth experiments. Following incubation at 37 °C for 18 h to permit completion of a single round of viral replication, cell monolayers were fixed with 1 ml of methanol at −20 °C for a minimum of 30 min. Fixed monolayers were washed twice in PBS, blocked with 5% immunoglobin-free BSA (Sigma-Aldrich) in PBS, and incubated at 37 °C for 30 min with protein A-affinity-purified polyclonal rabbit anti-reovirus serum (54Wetzel J.D. Chappell J.D. Fogo A.B. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 299-306Crossref PubMed Google Scholar) at a 1:800 dilution in PBS plus 0.5% Triton X-100. Monolayers were washed twice in PBS plus 0.5% Triton X-100 and incubated at 37 °C for 30 min with a 1:1000 dilution of anti-rabbit goat Ig conjugated with Alexa488 (Molecular Probes, Inc., Eugene, OR). Monolayers were washed twice, and infected cells were visualized by indirect immunofluorescence. Infected cells were identified by the presence of intense cytoplasmic fluorescence that was excluded from the nucleus. No background stain was noted on uninfected control monolayers. Reovirus antigen-positive cells were quantitated by counting fluorescent cells in three random fields of view per well at 100–400 × magnification. To dissect the contributions of discrete reovirus-receptor interactions to virus attachment and host cell infection, we used reassortant genetics to construct isogenic reovirus strains that differ only in the capacity to bind sialic acid. T3C44 is a T3 reovirus field isolate that does not bind sialic acid. This strain was adapted to sialic acid binding by serial passage in MEL cells, which only support replication of sialic acid-binding strains. The ς1-encoding S1 gene segment of the MEL-adapted variant (T3C44-MA) was sequenced and was found to possess a single coding mutation (Leu204 → Pro) in a region of the ς1 tail previously implicated in carbohydrate binding (38Chappell J.D. Gunn V.L. Wetzel J.D. Baer G.S. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1834-1841Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). However, since we thought it possible that additional mutations might have arisen in other gene segments during serial passage in MEL cells, we used reassortant genetics to place the S1 gene segments of T3C44 and T3C44-MA into the genetic background of T1L, a T1 strain that does not bind sialic acid (34Gentsch J.R. Pacitti A.F. J. Virol. 1985; 56: 356-364Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 38Chappell J.D. Gunn V.L. Wetzel J.D. Baer G.S. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 1997; 71: 1834-1841Crossref PubMed Google Scholar). Following two successive rounds of coinfection and genetic screening, two viruses were isolated that contained the S1 gene of either T3C44 (strain SA−) or T3C44-MA (strain SA+), and all other gene segments from T1L (Fig. 1). Following reassortment, the S1 genes of both monoreassortant strains were sequenced and were found to contain no additional mutations (data not shown). To obtain a quantitative assessment of the avidity of SA− and SA+ for sialic acid, we utilized SPR to measure interactions between virions and sialic acid residues in real time in the absence of molecular labeling. The erythrocyte glycoprotein bound by T3 strains in hemagglutination assays is glycophorin A (55Paul R.W. Lee P.W.K. Virology. 1987; 159: 94-101Crossref PubMed Scopus (82) Google Scholar), and treatment of glycophorin with neuraminidase to remove terminal sialic acid residues abrogates virus binding to this protein (37Dermody T.S. Nibert M.L. Bassel-Duby R. Fields B.N. J. Virol. 1990; 64: 5173-5176Crossref PubMed Google Scholar, 39Chappell J.D. Duong J. Wright B.W. Dermody T.S. J. Virol. 2000; 74: 8472-8479Crossref PubMed Scopus (104) Google Scholar). We therefore used biotin/streptavidin chemistry to attach glycophorin and asialoglycophorin to an SPR detector chip and assessed the capacity of SA− and SA+ to bind to these surfaces. The asialoglycophorin-coated chip served as a reference surface to measure nonsialic acid-dependent interactions between virus and either glycophorin or the chip surface (49(1994) in BIAapplications Handbook, pp. 5-1–5-12, Pharmacia Biosensor AB, Uppsala, SwedenGoogle Scholar, 50Karlsson R. Falt A. J. Immunol. Methods. 1997; 200: 121-133Crossref PubMed Scopus (497) Google Scholar). We found that SA− was incapable of binding to either glycophorin or the asialoglycophorin surface, while

On Topic (Y/N):  N

(38/38)
TITLE: Does zinc move apoplastically to the xylem in roots of <i>Thlaspi caerulescens</i>?
ABSTRACT: Thlaspi caerulescens can accumulate very large amounts of zinc in its tissues, which is of significant interest in commercial strategies for obtaining plants able to remove Zn from contaminated land – phytoremediation (Chaney, 1993; Salt et al., 1998; Schat et al., 2000). An understanding of the mechanisms controlling Zn entry into the root and the accumulation of Zn within the shoot of such hyperaccumulators can inform both genetic modification and conventional breeding strategies to obtain plants with improved phytoremediation potential (Lasat & Kochian, 2000). However, at present these mechanisms are not clear. Zinc may reach the xylem (and hence the shoot) either through the symplast or apoplast. Current hypotheses suggest that all Zn reaches the xylem through a symplastic pathway and that hyperaccumulation in T. caerulescens is the result of enhanced unidirectional influx of Zn2+ into root cells, coupled to a greater Zn efflux to the xylem. Here, two arguments are presented that suggest that Zn movement to the xylem cannot be solely symplastic when roots are exposed to high Zn concentrations in the rhizosphere ([Zn]ext). First, the rate of delivery of Zn to the xylem may exceed Zn influx to root cells. Second, Zn influx to root cells cannot supply sufficient Zn for hyperaccumulation with the combination of relative growth rates and shoot : root ratios observed in T. caerulescens. A Zn hyperaccumulator is defined as a plant with a shoot Zn content (tissue concentration) in excess of 10 mg Zn g−1 d. wt when growing in its natural habitat (Baker & Brooks, 1989). They appear to have unusually active mechanisms for Zn uptake and translocation to the shoot, as well as the ability to detoxify excessive Zn2+ within the shoot. Eleven Zn hyperaccumulators have been recorded, of which Thlaspi caerulescens is the most studied (Baker et al., 1994; Brooks, 1998; Reeves & Baker, 2000; Broadley et al., 2001). This short-lived perennial occurs mainly on calamine soils (enriched with Zn, Pb and often Cd), but also occurs on serpentine (enriched in Co, Cr, Fe, Mg, Ni) and nonmineralised soils. It is extremely tolerant of Zn and, when grown hydroponically, can accumulate up to 25–30 mg Zn g−1 shoot d. wt without showing toxicity symptoms (Baker et al., 1994; Brown et al., 1995; Pollard & Baker, 1996; Shen et al., 1997; Zhao et al., 1998). It is thought that T. caerulescens detoxifies Zn2+ in the shoot by decreasing its physiological availability within the cytoplasm, either by chelation or by sequestration within the vacuole (Shen et al., 1997). Studies using energy-dispersive X-ray microanalysis to determine the spatial distribution of Zn within leaves of T. caerulescens concur with these conclusions (Frey et al., 2000). The characteristics of Zn tolerance and Zn hyperaccumulation in T. caerulescens are genetically determined and genetically independent (Baker et al., 1994; Pollard & Baker, 1996; Meerts & Van Isacker, 1997; Schat et al., 2000). Thus, the selection and breeding for optimal combinations of these traits could lead to improved varieties for phytoremediation. Zinc may traverse the root to the xylem either through the cytoplasmic continuum of root cells linked by plasmodesmata (symplast) or through the extracellular spaces between cells (apoplast). The symplastic pathway selects between cations, since it involves specific transporters in the plasma membrane of root cells. The apoplastic cation flux is largely determined by the cation exchange properties of the cell wall and by water flows (Sattelmacher, 2001). Despite decades of research, remarkably little is known about the relative contribution of the symplastic and apoplastic pathways to the delivery of particular cations to the xylem (White, 2001). Recently, Lasat & Kochian (2000) presented a schematic model of Zn fluxes across root cell membranes to account for the phenomenon of hyperaccumulation in T. caerulescens (Box 1). This model contrasts the magnitude of the Zn fluxes across the cell membranes of T. caerulescens with those across the cell membranes of the related nonhyperaccumulator species T. arvense. It is postulated that the entry point for Zn accumulation in the plant is across the plasma membrane of root cells and that all Zn reaches the xylem through a symplastic pathway in both species (Lasat et al., 1996; Lasat & Kochian, 2000). It is proposed that hyperaccumulation can be explained by a fourfold greater unidirectional influx (φoc) of Zn2+ into root cells, coupled to a greater Zn efflux to the xylem (φcx), in T. caerulescens than in T. arvense. In the xylem sap of T. caerulescens much Zn is complexed to organic acids (Lasat et al., 1998; Salt et al., 1999) or histidine (Schat et al., 2000); Schat et al. (2000) speculate that interspecific variation in the xylem concentrations of these solutes may also contribute to the trait of Zn hyperacumulation. In addition, it is proposed that T. arvense sequesters more Zn in the vacuoles of root cells, having a greater unidirectional influx (φcv) and reduced unidirectional efflux (φvc) from the vacuole than T. caerulescens. The unidirectional efflux (φco) of Zn from the root cytoplasm to the solution was found to be similar in the two species. Nomenclature and schematic representation of Zn fluxes across the root of Thlaspi caerulescens and Thlaspi arvense according to the model of Lasat & Kochian (2000). (a) The symplastic pathway across the root can be represented by unidirectional (φ) and net (J) fluxes across the plasma membrane between the cytoplasm (c) and the external solution (o) or xylem (x) and across the tonoplast between the cytoplasm (c) and the vacuole (v) of root cells. The apoplast of cortex and stele are hydraulically separated by the Casparian band. (b,c) The trait of hyperaccumulation is thought to result from greater Zn influx across the plasma membrane (φoc), reduced Zn influx to the vacuole (φcv) and greater Zn efflux to the xylem (φcx) in roots of T. caerulescens than in roots of T. arvense. The model presented by Lasat & Kochian (2000) considers only the symplastic movement of Zn across the root. However, Zn may also reach the xylem via an apoplastic pathway. It is noteworthy that, when supplied with Zn, the Zn content of shoots of T. caerulescens reaches that of major nutrient elements, such as Ca. Furthermore, like Ca2+, a low cytoplasmic Zn2+ concentration in root cells is maintained (Brune et al., 1994; Reid et al., 1996). The total cytoplasmic Zn concentration in plant cells appears to be homeostatically maintained at approximately 55 µM (Brune et al., 1994; Reid et al., 1996). To deliver Zn to the xylem stream, which may contain in excess of 500 µM Zn2+ (Lasat et al., 1998), requires active transport across the plasma membrane of cells within the stele. This may be effected by a CPx-ATPase or by a H+/Zn2+ antiport (Williams et al., 2000; Clemens, 2001). It has been argued that such mechanisms are kinetically challenged for Ca2+ delivery to the xylem (White, 1998, 2001), and this is likely also to be true for Zn2+. Thus, by analogy with Ca2+, it is likely that an apoplastic pathway contributes to the delivery of Zn2+ to the xylem. If this is the case, then differences in the apoplastic movement of Zn across the root may impact on the trait of hyperaccumulation. Here, a simple test of the hypothesis that all Zn is delivered to the xylem by a symplastic pathway is presented: if the symplastic pathway operates exclusively, it is impossible for the Zn flux to the xylem (φcx) to exceed the unidirectional Zn influx to root cells (φoc). This test employs published data. In addition, the physiological characteristics (relative growth rate, RGR, and shoot : root ratio) that would be required if all the Zn accumulated by the shoot of T. caerulescens were delivered to the xylem by a symplastic pathway across the root have been determined. These are compared with published RGR and shoot : root ratios for T. caerulescens. Unidirectional influx (φoc) has been estimated by allowing intact plants to accumulate Zn from solutions containing the radioisotope 65Zn for a period of 20 min and then washing briefly in solutions containing nonradioactive Zn (Lasat et al., 1996; Pence et al., 2000; Lombi et al., 2001). Following this procedure, the dependence of Zn accumulation by T. caerulescens (A) on the solution Zn2+ concentration ([Zn]ext) can be fitted to the sum of a saturatable (Michaelis–Menten) and a linear component: A = ((Vmax[Zn]ext)/(Km + [Zn]ext)) + k[Zn]ext (Km, the Michaelis constant; Vmax, the maximal rate of Zn influx through the Michaelian component; and k, the proportionality constant of the linear component.) It is argued that the linear component reflects 65Zn bound to the cell wall rather than influx to the root symplast (Lasat et al., 1996; Lombi et al., 2001). Thus, only the Michaelian component reflects Zn influx (φoc) to the root symplast. The Michaelian component saturates at low micromolar [Zn]ext (Table 1). This is a significant observation when one considers that Zn translocation to the shoot does not saturate even at millimolar [Zn]ext when plants are grown hydroponically (Brown et al., 1995; Tolràet al., 1996, 2001; Shen et al., 1997; Zhao et al., 1998; Schat et al., 2000) or with 5 mg g−1 extractable Zn in the soil (Robinson et al., 1998; Küpper et al., 1999). (Since experiments suggest a maximum value of about 1–3% for shoot Zn accumulation in T. caerulescens, it should be noted that the [Zn]ext at which the shoot approaches this maximal content will be determined by growth characteristics, such as RGR and shoot : root ratio, in addition to the kinetics of Zn translocation from the root (Fig. 2): this may explain the observations of Knight et al. (1997), who reported saturation of Zn translocation to the shoot at lower [Zn]ext.) Since the Vmax for Zn influx (φoc) to roots decreases in plants grown at higher [Zn]ext (Table 1), the apparent Km is even lower under steady state conditions (Fig. 1). The relationships between the maximum shoot Zn content ([Zn]shoot) of plants with relative growth rates of 0.03, 0.05 and 0.15 d−1 and (a) shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio, assuming Zn influx to roots (φoc) of 80 nmol h−1 g−1 f. wt root, or (b) Zn influx to roots (φoc), assuming a shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio of 3. The minimal Zn content of 32 µmol g−1 f. wt shoot for a Zn hyperaccumulating Thlaspi caerulescens is indicated by the horizontal line. The relationship between unidirectional Zn influx (φoc) to roots, or Zn translocation to the shoot (φcx), in intact Thlaspi caerulescens growing hydroponically and the Zn concentration of the solution ([Zn]ext). Values for Zn influx (o) were calculated from the data presented in Table 1 from studies by Lasat et al. (1996) and Pence et al. (2000). The curve for Zn influx is interpolated to 1 µM [Zn]ext based on a Km of 7 µM and a Vmax of 270 nmol g−1 f. wt h−1 and extrapolated from 50 µM [Zn]ext based on a Km of 5 µM and a Vmax of 76 nmol g−1 f. wt h−1. Values for Zn translocation to the shoot (closed circles) were calculated from the data supplied by Lasat et al. (1996) as described in the text. In addition to studying Zn influx to roots, Lasat et al. (1996) obtained data (i) on the accumulation of Zn in the shoot of 35 day-old T. caerulescens seedlings transferred to a solution containing 10 µM [Zn]ext over a 96-h period (14.7 nmol h−1 g−1 f. wt shoot), which allows an estimate of the rate of Zn translocation to the shoot at this [Zn]ext, and (ii) on the Zn content of the shoot of 32-d-old T. caerulescens seedlings that had been transferred to solutions containing various [Zn]ext for a 10-d period. The latter data allow the calculation of the rate of Zn translocation to the shoot at other [Zn]ext provided that the shoot mass, shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio and tissue f. wt : d. wt ratios did not change with [Zn]ext, which seems reasonable under the conditions of these experiments (Brown et al., 1995; Shen et al., 1997; Zhao et al., 1998). Assuming a shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio of 3.1 for T. caerulescens growing hydroponically (S. N. Whiting, unpublished), the rate of Zn translocation to the shoot at 10 µM [Zn]ext approximates 45.6 nmol h−1 g−1 FW root (Fig. 1), and increases substantially at higher [Zn]ext. This is consistent with direct experimental observations (Brown et al., 1995; Tolràet al., 1996, 2001; Shen et al., 1997; Zhao et al., 1998; Schat et al., 2000). At [Zn]ext greater than about 27 µM the predicted rate of Zn translocation to the shoot exceeded that of Zn influx to the roots (Fig. 1). Thus, at [Zn]ext > 27 µM an apoplastic pathway must contribute to the delivery of Zn to the xylem. For comparison, soils from seven European sites contaminated by industrial activity or the disposal of sewage sludge had up to 20 µM Zn in solution when determined at 80% field water holding capacity (Knight et al., 1997). If additional, low-affinity Zn transporters contributed to Zn influx across the plasma membrane of root cells, then these calculations would underestimate the potential symplastic Zn flux to the xylem, especially at higher [Zn]ext. It is possible that part of the (substantial) linear component to the dependence of Zn accumulation by roots of intact plants and [Zn]ext (Lasat et al., 1996; Lombi et al., 2001) is due to low-affinity Zn influx into root cells. However, this linear component principally suggests the presence of a large apoplastic reservoir for Zn, which does not differ between T. caerulescens and T. arvense (Lasat et al., 1996). It would seem worthwhile therefore to probe the relationship between this component and any apoplastic pathway for Zn movement to the xylem. Since the symplastic pathway selects between divalent cations, but the apoplastic pathway does not, an estimate of the relative importance of symplastic and apoplastic pathways can be obtained by comparing the accumulation factors (shoot cation content/solution cation concentration) for different divalent cations. At low [Zn]ext (< 20 µM) the accumulation factor for Zn was far greater than for Ca (Knight et al., 1997). However, the Zn concentration factor decreased as [Zn]ext increased (Knight et al., 1997), and the accumulation ratio for Zn approached the accumulation ratio for Ca in plants grown hydroponically at [Zn]ext between 100 and 500 µM (Tolràet al., 1996). These data suggest an increasing contribution of the apoplastic pathway to the delivery of Zn to the xylem as [Zn]ext increases. An assessment of the contribution of the apoplastic pathway to the delivery of Zn to the xylem in roots of T. caerulescens can also be approached from a separate perspective. The physiological characteristics of T. caerulescens that would be required for a given shoot Zn content ([Zn]shoot) if all the Zn were delivered to the xylem by a symplastic pathway can be determined using simple allometric relationships. If it is assumed that the root Zn content of T. caerulescens growing exponentially at a constant [Zn]ext does not change, and that all the Zn destined for the xylem traverses the root through the symplastic pathway, then the maximal rate at which Zn could be translocated to the shoot (φcx), in the absence of the recirculation of Zn within the plant, equals the rate of Zn influx (φoc) to the root symplast (Box 1). Both φoc and φcx are conventionally expressed on the basis of root FW (R). At a given [Zn]ext, the rate at which Zn is translocated to the shoot (T) at time t is given by the equation: Tt = φcxRt = φocRt If it is also assumed that φcx is constant during exponential growth, then the accumulation of Zn in the shoot follows the exponential equation: Znt = Zn0ebt (Zn0, initial amount of Zn in the shoot; Znt, amount of Zn in the shoot after an interval t; and b, the relative accumulation rate of Zn in the shoot.) The rate at which Zn is translocated to the shoot in the absence of Zn recirculation within the plant equals the rate at which Zn is accumulated in the shoot and is given by: Tt= bZnt= bZn0ebt If it is assumed that both root and shoot have identical relative growth rates (RGR) and that these are identical to the relative accumulation rate for Zn in the shoot (i.e. that the root f. wt : shoot f. wt ratio, R/S, and the shoot Zn content are constant) then: Tt = φcxRt = φcxR0ebt = φcxR/SS0ebt Finally, assuming that the shoot Zn content remains constant ([Zn]shoot= Zn0/S0), then: [Zn]shoot= (R/S)(φoc/b) Using this equation, the effect of shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio, RGR and φoc on the maximal [Zn]shoot supported by exclusively symplastic Zn transport across the root can be assessed in T. caerulescens. Under most soil conditions it is unlikely that φoc exceeds 80 nmol g−1 f. wt h−1 (Fig. 1; Pence et al., 2000) and this value has been used for the calculations shown in Fig. 2(a). The shoot FW : root FW ratio of T. caerulescens growing hydroponically at low [Zn]ext approximates 3.1 (S. N. Whiting, unpublished). This value is consistent with the shoot d. wt : root d. wt ratios observed in T. caerulescens growing hydroponically at [Zn]ext ≤ 500 µM (2.7–4.8; Shen et al., 1997; Zhao et al., 1998, 2001), although the shoot d. wt : root d. wt ratio increases markedly at higher [Zn]ext and the shoot d. wt : root d. wt ratio of plants growing in contaminated soil may be more than triple this value (McGrath et al., 1997; Whiting et al., 2000). (The f. wt : d. wt ratio of shoots approximates 4.8 and the f. wt : d. wt ratio of roots approximates 5.7 in T. caerulescens growing hydroponically at low [Zn]ext (S. N. Whiting, unpublished)). The RGR of T. caerulescens growing hydroponically can be calculated from the data of Shen et al. (1997) as lying between 0.049 and 0.055 d−1, which is consistent with the RGR of slow-growing, stress-tolerant plant species (Grime & Hunt, 1975). The RGR of plants growing under suboptimal field conditions may, of course, be lower. Based on the definition that a Zn hyperaccumulator has a shoot content in excess of 10 mg Zn g−1 d. wt (Baker & Brooks, 1989) and assuming a f. wt : d. wt ratio of 4.8 for shoots of T. caerulescens grown hydroponically, a possible shoot Zn content of 32 µmol g−1 FW for T. caerulescens growing in Zn rich soils can be calculated. This shoot Zn content can be obtained only in plants combining a low shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio with a low RGR (Fig. 2a), which may be the reason why metal hyperaccumulators generally grow slowly. However, published data suggest that T. caerulescens does not possess an appropriate combination of shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio and RGR to allow exclusively symplastic delivery of Zn to the xylem at high [Zn]ext. Indeed, a maximal φoc of 80 nmol g−1 FW h−1 (Fig. 1; Pence et al., 2000) could not sustain the symplastic Zn flux required for Zn hyperaccumulation in plants with a shoot FW : root FW ratio of 3.0 even at RGR as low as 0.03 d−1 (Fig. 2b). An RGR of < 0.02 d−1 would be required if plants with a shoot f. wt : root f. wt ratio of 3.0 and a φoc of 80 nmol g−1 f. wt h−1 were to hyperaccumulate Zn through a symplastic pathway. Thus, the perfectly controlled and selective hyperaccumulation of Zn in the shoot of T. caerulescens seems improbable. Some apoplastic transport of Zn to the xylem is likely to occur at high [Zn]ext and future studies should attempt to ascertain the relative contributions of the symplastic and apoplastic pathways to the delivery of Zn to the xylem in roots of T. caerulescens. Previously, it was assumed that all Zn entering the xylem had traversed the root through a symplastic pathway. The arguments presented here challenge this assumption and suggest that some Zn may reach the xylem through an apoplastic pathway, especially at higher [Zn]ext. This has important implications for identifying the targets for improving phytoremediation potential: targets of the symplastic pathway are the Zn transporters in cell membranes, but targets of the apoplastic pathway may be more diverse. Molecular targets for the manipulation of symplastic Zn fluxes across the root to the xylem are beginning to be identified. Genes for several Zn transporters likely to mediate Zn influx to root cells of T. caerulescens have been cloned. These include the high-affinity Zn transporters ZNT1 and ZNT2 (Pence et al., 2000; Assunção et al., 2001). The expression of both ZNT1 and ZNT2 is up-regulated by Zn deficiency, which is consistent with an increase in the Vmax for Zn influx to roots of plants with a reduced Zn status (Table 1), and far greater in T. caerulescens than in T. arvense, which is consistent with the greater Zn influx capacity of T. caerulescens (Table 1). The efflux of Zn to the xylem across the plasma membrane of cells within the stele of the root is likely to be mediated by a CPx-ATPase or by a H+/Zn2+ antiport (Williams et al., 2000; Clemens, 2001), but little is known about these transport mechanisms. Molecular and physiological targets for the manipulation of apoplastic Zn fluxes to the xylem have yet to be identified. However, experimental strategies for the identification of such targets could be based on the apparent lack of cation selectivity and competition between cations following a predominantly apoplastic route to the xylem (White, 2001). The trait of cation discrimination could be correlated with appropriate anatomical traits, such as the development of the endodermis, within a phylogenetic framework (cf. Broadley et al., 2001). Alternatively, quantitative trait loci (QTL) impacting on Zn hyperaccumulation could be identified in mapping populations developed for this purpose between ecotypes differing in Zn hyperaccumulation (Pollard & Baker, 1996; Meerts & Van Isacker, 1997). These approaches would provide independent verification of the cations sharing an apoplastic pathway, insight into the physiology of apoplastic cation fluxes and candidate genes impacting on the trait of Zn hyperaccumulation. This work was supported by the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (UK). We thank Ian Burns, Abraham Escobar-Gutiérrez, Ken Manning and Brian Thomas (HRI) for comments.

On Topic (Y/N):  N

Score: 86.84